Title: Mercury Is No Longer In Retrograde
Details: Mercury Retrograde, a period believed to influence mood and actions significantly, ended on January 1, 2024.This event occurs three to four times a year when Mercury appears to move backward in the sky, traditionally associated with confusion, delay, and frustration in communication and travel.During Mercury Retrograde, it's recommended to be flexible, patient, and understanding—some believe it’s the perfect time to take a step back and reanalyze your life.Mercury will be in apparent retrograde motion again from April 1 to April 24, August 4 to August 27, and November 25 to December 15, 2024.

Title: Police Investigate Virtual Rape
Details: To start the new year, UK police are investigating the first reported case of virtual rape in the metaverse involving a minor. The victim's avatar was “attacked” in a virtual reality game and was left with no injuries.Officers claimed the incident caused the 16-year-old psychological and emotional trauma similar to a real rape because “VR” is designed to be completely immersive.Virtual reality headsets were expected to be a popular gift this Christmas, with an estimated 15% of children aged five to ten using VR headsets, and 6% using one daily.Tech companies have introduced features to enhance platform safety. For example, Meta offers a “personal boundary” feature to keep unknown avatars at a distance.Donna Jones, police commissioner: “We need to update our laws because they have not kept pace with the risks of harm developing from AI and offending on platforms like the metaverse.”

Title: British Fish And Chips Is Endangered
Details: Southern England is struggling with escalating costs impacting the fish and chips industry, potentially leading to a shortage of the iconic British food.The war in Ukraine has significantly raised the cost of diesel to power the fishing boats, sunflower oil to fry the fish, and electricity to run the fryers, which are all crucial for fishing and preparing fish and chips. As a result, the cost of fish has soared, with a bag of fish that used to cost a couple of pounds now priced per fish.The National Federation of Fish Friers predicts up to a third of the UK's 10,500 chippies may close, while Sarson's, a malt vinegar maker, estimates up to half might shut down. This threatens a billion-dollar industry and a cultural staple.Lionel Cobley, an owner of a cafe, has seen ingredient costs rise 30%-40%. Despite efforts to absorb some costs, they've had to raise prices, pushing traditional meals out of reach for many.Local resident: “It’s our way of life. It’s in my blood. It’s part of me. And it’s quite sad to think that it might not be here for much longer.”

Title: S. Korean Opposition Leader Stabbed
Details: South Korean politician Lee Jae-myung, who heads the main opposition party, was stabbed in the neck during a visit to Busan.The incident occurred while the Democratic Party leader was engaged in a question-and-answer session with journalists. The attacker was promptly arrested at the scene, although the motive and details are not yet clear.Lee was immediately rushed to the hospital with his condition and the extent of his injuries uncertain.

Title: CA: Healthcare For Illegal Migrants
Details: California has become the first U.S. state to offer universal health insurance to all undocumented immigrants, impacting an additional 700,000 individuals aged 26 to 49.This expansion under Medi-Cal, the state's Medicaid program, is expected to cost $3.1 billion annually.Governor Gavin Newsom: “In California, we believe everyone deserves access to quality, affordable health care coverage—regardless of income or immigration status. Through this expansion, we're making sure families and communities across California are healthier, stronger, and able to get the care they need when they need it.”Critics, including the California Senate Republican Caucus, argue that adding nearly 764,000 people to an already strained system will exacerbate provider access issues.

Title: Gen Z Picking Apartments Over Homes
Details: Gen Z is seeing homeownership as less of an aspiration, with many choosing to rent in luxury amenity-filled apartments instead.Take Scranton, Pennsylvania, for instance. The Wall Street Journal revealed that homes there are listed at a median price of $179,900. With a $150,000, 30-year mortgage at a 7% rate, the average monthly payment would sit near $1,000.Despite the affordable price, young people in Scranton are opting for luxury apartments. Scranton project property manager Michael Basalyga said around 1,000 people would like to rent 32 luxury apartments built inside the Scranton Lace Factory's converted living spaces, which run between $950 and $3,600 monthly. Two-thirds of the units were pre-leased as of December.Analysts emphasize the shift is driven by cultural rather than financial factors. For instance, real estate investor GID, which owns or manages around 50,000 apartments in the U.S., said nearly a quarter of its renters earn over $200,000.This all occurs as 64% of people in the U.S. are homeowners, which is lower than the rate in China (89%) and Brazil (72%).

Title: Corporations Face New Climate Rules
Details: The U.S. government is looking to issue new rules in the coming months for public companies to disclose their greenhouse gas emissions and the financial risks they face from climate change. In other words, corporations would have to disclose how much they pollute.The proposal is part of the Biden administration’s efforts to combat climate change. It has seen opposition from business leaders and Republican lawmakers who feel it oversteps the role of the government.The rule would require companies to detail both physical and transition risks, including the controversial Scope 3 emissions, which are indirect emissions from a company's products. It comes as global regulatory trends and investor demands for transparency are pushing for mandatory disclosures.

Title: Wall Street Enters 2024 With Optimism
Details: Wall Street is entering 2024 with renewed optimism as stocks rose significantly in 2023, defying the anticipated recession.The positive outlook is fueled by the belief that the Fed’s inflation-fighting interest rate hikes are nearing an end, potentially leading to rate cuts.A survey of fund managers who collectively manage $691 billion of assets found that 90% predict the Fed is done raising interest rates.The S&P 500 saw a return of 24% in 2023, with strategists from Goldman Sachs and Raymond James expressing positive projections for the market.Despite the positive sentiment, concerns remain about possible economic shocks, the performance of major stocks, and geopolitical tensions.

Title: There’s Already A Mickey Horror Film
Details: On the same day the 1928 version of Mickey Mouse entered the public domain, a trailer was released featuring the iconic character as a killer in a horror comedy film.“Mickey's Mouse Trap” revolves around a group of friends going to an amusement arcade for a birthday celebration. While there, a masked killer dressed as Mickey Mouse haunts them.Jamie Bailey, director: “We just wanted to have fun with it all. I mean it’s Steamboat Willie‘s Mickey Mouse murdering people. It’s ridiculous. We ran with it and had fun doing it and I think it shows.”Users on social media were amazed by how fast the trailer came out, wondering if an entire cotton industry of Mickey Mouse horror films will emerge in 2024.

Title: Study: Pets Heal Cognitive Decline
Details: People over 50 who live alone may be able to counter decline in their verbal cognition by adding a pet to their home, according to a new study.The study analyzed data from people aged 50 and older who lived with pets. The participants took a test that “assesses the person’s ability to pay attention to the words, encode the words, and recall them later,” a researcher said.Pet ownership was associated with slower rates of decline in an overall score of verbal cognition, verbal memory, and fluency if a person lived alone, but not if they lived with other people. Researchers are still puzzled by that last part and don’t know why that’s the case.Ciyong Lu, researcher: “The companionship provided by pets can reduce loneliness and increase well-being,” adding that “watching pets can help people calm, relax, and relieve stress and anxiety.”In addition, pets can provide owners with opportunities to meet new people and have conversations while taking walks, Lu said. According to the study, pet owners had a lower social isolation score than non-pet owners.Another factor is sleep quality: “Pet owners fall asleep more easily than non-pet owners. For example, dog owners often walk their dogs before bedtime, which may have a relaxing effect on the owners and make it easier for them to fall asleep,” noted Lu.

