Title: World Awaits Epstein Files
Details: Nearly 200 names connected to Jeffrey Epstein could be released as soon as Tuesday, sparking speculation online over which celebrities may appear.A deadline for objections to the unsealing passes at midnight on Monday, nearly nine years after victim Virginia Giuffre filed a defamation claim against Ghislaine Maxwell, Epstein's former girlfriend and companion.ABC News reported yesterday that former President Bill Clinton is identified as “Doe 36” and is mentioned in more than 50 of the redacted filings, according to court records. Britain’s Prince Andrew is another likely name, given that Giuffre sued him for sexual assault that was settled out of court without admission of liability for a reported $12 million.An online betting website allows users to gamble on who will appear on the list. As of December 23, stars like Oprah Winfrey, LeBron James, and Mark Zuckerberg had odds listed.

Title: CEO Spending $100M To Fight Apple
Details: Medical device company Masimo has been persistent in its patent dispute with Apple, having spent about $100 million since January 2020. Notably, Masimo’s total profit for 2022 was just around $144 million.

Title: Fridge Locates Food, Gives Recipes
Details: Samsung is set to launch a new refrigerator that uses AI to identify up to 33 types of fresh foods on its shelves and suggest recipes based on available ingredients.The fridge is expected to be showcased at CES 2024 and features a 32-inch touch screen for users to interact with apps, edit food information, and receive recipe suggestions through its image-to-recipe feature.The AI technology was developed from millions of food photos, allowing the fridge to categorize items, track expiration dates, and alert users when items are nearing the end of their shelf life.Users can add health and dietary preferences, helping the fridge recommend personalized meal plans and recipes.Moohyung Lee, EVP, Samsung: “We are both proud and excited to be showcasing these upgraded A.I. and connectivity features, which utilize the latest technology to help everyone take their food and kitchen experiences to the next level.”

Title: Elon’s X Now Worth 71% Less
Details: X is now worth 71% less than when it was purchased for $44 billion by Elon Musk in late 2022, according to an estimate by Fidelity.This includes a 10.7% cut during November, when Musk told advertisers boycotting X to "go fuck yourself" during an on-stage interview with The New York Times.In November, The New York Times reported that X could lose $75 million after 200 companies have paused or are considering pulling ads from the platform over concerns of hate speech. At least one of these companies, Netflix, has since resumed advertising, suggesting others may follow.

Title: Putin: Russia ‘Will Never Back Down’
Details: In his end-of-year speech, Putin said Russia would “never back down,” praising Russian citizens for their “solidarity, mercy, and fortitude.”He particularly commended the soldiers fighting on the front line: “We are proud of you, you are heroes, you feel the support of the entire people.”“We have repeatedly proven that we can solve the most difficult problems and will never back down because there is no force that can separate us. What united us and unites us is the fate of the Fatherland, a deep understanding of the highest significance of the historical stage through which Russia is passing,” he added.Putin’s comments come just days after Russia launched its largest aerial attack on Ukraine since the conflict began, killing at least 30 civilians.

Title: Biden Sent 65 Million Condoms Abroad
Details: U.S. taxpayers paid for over 65 million condoms to be sent to foreign countries in 2022 for “family planning,” an agency document overviewing the program reveals.The U.S. Agency for International Development was in charge of the program, sending the products particularly to third-world countries to mitigate “the impact of population dynamics on natural resources and state stability.”Countries that received the products include Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Guatemala, Haiti, Pakistan, and Uganda. Yemen alone received 500,000 condoms, of which 438,801 were “consumed.”As a metric of success, the agency noted that in the “41 countries where USAID focuses its support, modern contraceptive prevalence has increased to 34%, and the average family size has dropped to 3.9.”

Title: Africa Sees Untapped Fashion Industry
Details: Global interest in African-made goods has surged in the past decade, but designers on the continent say their products remain inaccessible to locals due to the high costs of production and importing basic textiles.Nigerien designer Alphadi: “The difficulty of being an African designer is not being understood by investors, buyers, and policymakers, who can make African fashion take off.” He says investors prefer to bet on European designers, discouraging pioneers in Africa: “People bet on them, and that can be the difference between making it or not in this industry.”Because of movies like “Black Panther” and the explosion of the Afrobeats genre of music, African-made products have increased in popularity. Yet a new UNESCO report warns that exports were restricting the growth of the region’s textile and fashion industries, harming its economic opportunities.Ernesto Ottone, UNESCO’s assistant director-general for culture: “Africa is exporting something which could really create a huge industry and enormous number of jobs.”Still, many are hopeful that the African fashion industry will find success as it matures and innovates.Oroma Cookey-Gam, Nigerian designer: “African fashion is still very young, and we need [various] elements to make things at high quality. Fashion employs a lot of people and is a tool we can harness to make a difference in people’s lives. It can change the continent.”

Title: Analyst: AI Will Need Liberal Arts
Details: The rise of AI is unexpectedly boosting the value of degrees in the liberal arts, in areas such as philosophy, literature, or anthropology.Matt Candy, global managing partner in generative AI at IBM, is advising those who seek tech jobs to develop skills in language and creative thinking, which are nurtured in liberal arts degrees. For instance, all AI tools require prompt engineers who feed the technologies prompts, questions, and information to train them in human behavior and thinking.Candy: “Rather than us having to learn to talk the language of technology and programming computers, effectively they’re learning to talk our language. Questioning, creativity skills, and innovation are going to be hugely important because I think AI’s going to free up more capacity for creative thought processes.”“The speed at which people will be able to come up with an idea, to test the idea, to make something, it’s going to be so accelerated. You don’t need to have a degree in computer science to do that.”Of course, conventional computer scientists will still be needed. But once the systems for AI are in place, creative thinkers will be needed more than ever, he emphasizes. “You’re going to be able to take on the role of a designer. You don’t need to be a graphic designer and have an art degree to do these things.”

Title: $44,000 Worth Of LEGOs Stolen
Details: A charity initiative suffered a significant loss when $44,000 worth of LEGOs were stolen from its warehouse.The toys, belonging to a charity with pizza restaurant chain V Pizza, were meant to be given to children battling cancer. The theft affected 440 children who were supposed to receive the LEGOs.Last year, the organization successfully supported over 825 families, distributing more than 2,000 LEGO sets to local children undergoing cancer treatment.

Title: India To Study Black Holes
Details: India has successfully launched a satellite dedicated to studying astronomical objects, including black holes.The satellite is only the second of its kind after NASA's similar mission in 2021. It aims to conduct in-depth research on black holes and other celestial objects. Costing about 250 million rupees ($30 million), the mission is expected to have a lifespan of five years.A black hole is a region of space where matter has collapsed in on itself. The gravitational pull is so strong that nothing, not even light, can escape. Some are so huge that they are billions of times the mass of the Sun.

