Title: Scientists May Find Deafness Cure
Details: Researchers have made a landmark discovery: a gene that links deafness to cell death in the inner ear in humans—creating new opportunities for averting hearing loss.The study bridges animal research on hearing loss with a rare form of inherited deafness in humans. It revolves around a gene called TMTC4. When it’s mutated, a process known as UPR is triggered which causes the death of vital cells in the inner ear.Scientists believe that if the process is blocked, hearing loss could be prevented. There are currently several drugs that block that process, and researchers hope they can start being tested on humans.Dr. Dylan Chan, researcher: “Millions of American adults lose their hearing due to noise exposure or aging each year, but it’s been a mystery what was going wrong. We now have solid evidence that TMTC4 is a human deafness gene and that the UPR is a genuine target for preventing deafness.”

Title: Epstein's Brother Questions Death
Details: Jeffrey Epstein’s brother is accusing a former U.S. attorney general of covering up Jeffrey’s death.Mark Epstein said in an interview that former Attorney General William Barr should not have announced his brother died in August 2019 “from an apparent suicide” when it “wasn’t really his position to do that,” claiming the investigation into the death had not been properly conducted.Mark Epstein: “Yes, there were screw-ups, but that doesn’t mean that my brother was, you know, committed suicide because of screw-ups. There’s a lot of reasons, there are a number of reasons why he would not commit suicide then. I wasn’t involved with his day-to-day life so I don’t know what he knows, but to go back to your initial question, why? I mean, you’d have to ask Bill Barr. If he was covering this up, which it appears to be, who was he covering it up for? Who was Bill Barr protecting?”Mark also claimed his brother “had dirt” on Trump and Hillary Clinton, emphasizing that “he didn’t tell me what that dirt was, and I don’t know.”

Title: Boeing CEO Tearfully Admits ‘Mistake’
Details: The CEO of Boeing, the manufacturer of the Alaska Airlines aircraft that had a door plug ejected mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of the plane, tearfully addressed employees on Tuesday.“We’re going to approach this—No. 1—acknowledging our mistake,” Dave Calhoun said as he fought back tears. “We’re going to approach it with 100% and complete transparency every step of the way.”“I’ve got kids, I’ve got grandkids and so do you,” he said, as he recalled seeing photographs of the plane’s damaged fuselage. “This stuff matters. Every detail matters.”Following the incident, the Federal Aviation Administration grounded 171 Boeing planes. United Airlines, which owns 79 of them, said some were discovered to have loose bolts, without disclosing how many.

Title: DeRay Wants Stand-Up Comedy Battle
Details: Comedian DeRay Davis said he wants a bunch of comedians to compete in a joke battle after Katt Williams received backlash for his interview on “Club Shay Shay” last week.Davis was asked by TMZ about Williams dissing comedians like Kevin Hart and Steve Harvey in the interview that’s been viewed over 38 million times.Davis: “Comedy's different. I love it because the beef ain't going to the streets, it ain't leaking over. ... I think it's light sparring. I think they should take it to the stage, all of 'em. I'm willing to participate. I love it.”He added, "We can all do five minutes back-to-back, brand-new freestyle. We come up with rules like boxing. No preaching. … Let's go to specifics, let's go to jokes, let's go to bits, let's get to writing—let's see. I love it; I love the energy of it."Davis also stated that Williams' “Club Shay Shay” interview was something "the comedy world needed" and that "it's not just jokes; it's jokes and smokes."

Title: NYC Migrants Moved Into Schools
Details: Thousands of high school students in New York City were forced to go remote to make room for 2,000 migrants.The migrants were previously housed at Floyd Bennett Field and had to be evacuated to James Madison High due to a storm threat. City Hall referred to the migrants as “guests” and emphasized the move as a temporary measure for their safety.“This is fucked up,” a local resident told the New York Post. “It’s a litmus test. They are using a storm, a legitimate situation, where they are testing this out. I guarantee you they’ll be here for the entire summer.”One woman yelled at the migrant buses as they arrived at the school: “How do you feel? Does it feel good? How does it feel that you kicked all the kids out of school tomorrow? Does it feel good? I hope you feel good. I hope you will sleep very well tonight!”Kayla Mamelak, spokesperson for Mayor Eric Adams, said: “To be clear, this relocation is a proactive measure being taken out of an abundance of caution to ensure the safety and well-being of individuals working and living at the center.”More than 161,000 migrants have arrived in New York City since the spring of 2022, with 68,000 living in city-run shelters, according to city officials. A poll in August found that 82% of New Yorkers think the influx of migrants to the state is a “serious problem.”

Title: Supermarket Unveils ‘Robocop’ Cameras
Details: One of the largest supermarket chains in the UK is trialing “robocop” devices to prevent shoplifting, mainly in alcohol aisles.Morrisons’ devices feature HD cameras and a siren system while also being solar-powered and remotely controlled. The award-winning pods are usually found on building sites to provide a 100 feet wide, 360-degree detection zone continually scanning for intruders.Initially used in a few stores over Christmas, the effectiveness of these security pods is under review. No other supermarket has used devices like these, paving the way for expanded use if deemed successful.Paddy Lillis, general secretary of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers: “There is no doubt that cameras do have a deterrent effect and we are supportive of such measures aimed at reducing violence, threats and abuse at work.”One customer on X criticized the move: “Wow Morrisons how welcoming Robocop feels. I'm typing this as I wait for the one member of staff covering all the self service tills. I'm also being filmed there because actually paying staff to work when you can just make customers feel like criminals is lovely isn't it?”

Title: U.S. Moon Landing Delayed To 2026
Details: NASA's Artemis III mission, which hopes to land astronauts on the moon for the first time in over five decades, is now postponed to September 2026. The journey had previously been slated for 2025.Officials say the delay is due to challenges with SpaceX's Starship development and spacesuit engineering. Two Starship test flights in 2023 ended in explosions.The delay is notable, as the U.S. is competing with rival nations like China to establish a permanent human presence on the moon.“We must be realistic. … We’re looking at our Starship progress and need for propellant transfer, the need for numerous landings,” NASA Associate Administrator Jim Free told reporters Tuesday.In addition to the Artemis III mission, NASA hopes in 2028 to send astronauts to a space station that will orbit the moon.On Monday, a private U.S. company’s attempt to send a lander to the moon experienced a “critical” fuel leak just hours after its launch. Pittsburgh-based Astrobotic Technology estimated then that the lander would start losing solar power in about 40 hours.

Title: University Enrolls AI Students
Details: A university in Michigan has introduced two AI-powered “students” to its classrooms. They don’t have robot bodies but will be interacting with students via computers, microphones, and speakers.The “students,” Ann and Fry, will listen to lectures, work on assignments, and participate in discussions at Ferris State University. The institution wants to explore the “transformational impact of emerging AI technology, connecting high school students with potential educational and career pathways in evolving and increasingly important fields.”Kasey Thompson, associate professor: “Like any student, our hope is that they continue their educational experience all the way up as far as they can go, through their PhD. But we are literally learning as we go, and we’re allowing the two AI students to pick the courses that they’re going to take.”She continued: “We’re in general courses at this point, but hopefully they will complete their undergraduate degree and even graduate degrees and even further than that. We actually came up with the idea to help us better understand, how do we serve the future students at Ferris State University?”

Title: SEC Account Hacked, Impacts Market
Details: The X account belonging to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) was hacked, falsely announcing the approval of Bitcoin ETFs.The unauthorized post caused a temporary surge in the cryptocurrency’s price, followed by a drop.Gary Gensler, SEC Chair: “The SEC has not approved the listing and trading of spot Bitcoin exchange-traded products.”X said: “Based on our investigation, the compromise was not due to any breach of X's systems, but rather due to an unidentified individual obtaining control over a phone number associated with the @SECGov account through a third party. We can also confirm that the account did not have two-factor authentication enabled at the time the account was compromised. We encourage all users to enable this extra layer of security.”Despite the incident, real approval of Bitcoin ETFs by the SEC is anticipated soon, which could be a pivotal moment for the crypto industry.

Title: Wearable Device Regulates Body Temp
Details: Researchers have engineered a solar-powered gadget that can be integrated into clothing to regulate body temperature.Unlike similar gadgets that exist, this new device is neither bulky nor requires a battery. It uses a flexible polymer-based solar cell and an electrocaloric device, allowing for both heating and cooling. The device operates continuously for 24 hours and can recharge with just 12 hours of sunlight exposure.The technology is especially beneficial for extreme environments and could be used by astronauts.Ziyuan Wang, lead researcher: “With these two working modes, bidirectional controllable thermoregulation for cooling and warming can be implemented as needed.”

