Title: Zuckerberg Is Farming Cattle
Details: Mark Zuckerberg has started a cattle farming project at his Hawaiian ranch to “create some of the highest quality beef in the world.”He wrote on Instagram and Facebook that he will be raising wagyu and angus cattle on “macadamia meal and drinking beer that we grow and produce here on the ranch.” The Facebook founder noted he’ll need “a lot of acres of macadamia trees” because his cows each eat 5,000 to 10,000 pounds of feed annually, and that he wants the feeding and raising process to be “local and vertically integrated.”The project is part of Zuckerberg's extensive activities on Kauai, where he has been acquiring land since 2014. In December, reports emerged that he is also building an underground bunker in Hawaii for unknown reasons.

Title: Music Streams Hit 4 Trillion
Details: In 2023, the global music industry set a record with four trillion streams. R&B/hip-hop dominated all other genres, accounting for over a quarter of all streams.Rock, at nearly 20%, followed closely behind, while pop songs accounted for 12% of streams. The fastest-growing genres were world, Latin, and country music in the U.S.Regional Mexican music saw a 60% increase in U.S. streams, with two songs nominated for the Latin Grammys for the first time. Millennial and Gen Z listeners in the U.S. are reportedly more likely to put on foreign language music.

Title: Top 10% Own 93% Of Stocks
Details: Federal Reserve data reveals that the top 10% of Americans hold 93% of all U.S. stocks, a record high. In contrast, the bottom 50% of Americans own only 1% of all stocks.The wealthy benefit more from stock market booms due to higher equity investments compared to middle-class families primarily invested in real estate. Specifically, the top 1% possess over $16 trillion in stocks, contrasting sharply with their $6 trillion in real estate assets.Over the past decade, the S&P 500 rose by 155%, with the benchmark index gaining 24% the last year alone, largely fueled by cooling inflation and expectations from investors for Fed rate cuts in 2024.

Title: Skepta Says Art Can’t Be ‘Policed’
Details: Skepta announced he’s removing the cover art for an upcoming song after backlash, saying he’s unsure if he could keep being the artist “you all know and love if my art is policed.”The artwork for his new song “Gas Me Up (Diligent)” featured a man's shaved head with a “Gas Me Up” tattoo. Some interpreted the art as evoking Holocaust imagery.Skepta explained that the image relates to his upcoming album “Knife & Fork” and how he associates specific elements, such as “skinhead and football culture,” with his parents coming to the UK in the 1980s.After deleting an Instagram post containing the art, he explained on X: “I’ve been waiting to drop ‘Gas Me Up (Diligent)’ since teasing it April last year, worked hard getting the artwork right for my album rollout which is about my parents coming to the UK in the 80s, Skinhead, Football culture and it has been taken offensively by many and I can promise you that was definitely not our plan so I have removed it and I vow to be more mindful going forward.”In a different post, he wrote: “I can honestly see how my single artwork without context can be deemed offensive, especially in a time like this but again that was not my intention. But after some thought I don’t feel like I could continue being the artist you all know and love if my art is policed, I have to quit if I can’t express my art as I see it. So to help with context here are some pictures from our mood board for the 1980’s UK story for my album ‘Knife & Fork.’”Skepta attached 15 images, some of which contained head tattoos like “Skinhead” and “Skins.”Despite the backlash, he assured fans that "Gas Me Up (Diligent)” will be released on January 26, as planned.

Title: Ecuador Erupts In Civil War
Details: Violence has erupted in Ecuador, with the government and drug mafias declaring war on each other. The country has declared a state of “internal armed conflict” in response.The situation sparked after the leader of one of Ecuador’s most powerful gangs escaped from prison. The manhunt for that man, Adolfo “Fito” Macías, and another prominent gang leader who also escaped prison on Tuesday is ongoing. The second man, Fabricio Colon Pico, was arrested last Friday for allegedly plotting to assassinate Ecuador's attorney general.Cartel members have attacked cities, a university, and a state TV studio, with reports of police abductions and jail guard executions. Both Ecuador and Peru, bordering to the north, have declared emergencies.In response, President Noboa has designated 20 drug gangs as terrorist groups, authorized military action, and imposed a curfew. He vowed on Monday to “not negotiate with terrorists nor rest until we return peace to all Ecuadorans.”The U.S. State Department said it was “extremely concerned” about the violence, and the British Foreign Office is advising against non-essential travel to Ecuador.

Title: CA Considers Tackle Football Ban
Details: California lawmakers are debating a bill to ban tackle football for children under 12, citing brain injury concerns. California would be the first state to do so.Though it was a school day, dozens of children wearing football jerseys and their parents crowded into the hearing room and watched as the Assembly committee voted 5-2 to send the bill to the full chamber.The full Assembly has only until the end of January to approve it. If the bill is approved, it will go to the Senate and then Governor Gavin Newsom.Advocates argue the ban will protect kids from brain damage and promote flag football as an alternative. Opponents believe the ban infringes on parental rights and may disadvantage California youth in sports.The bill includes a gradual phase-out, starting with children under six in 2025, under ten in 2027, and under 12 in 2029.Ashley Bertram, mother: “Flag football is still a contact sport. If you think that just because a seven-year-old boy is running up to take a flag, that they’re not ramming into each other to do that, you’re out of your mind! We’re talking about boys!”Assembly member Kevin McCarty: “Just like we have (rules) for soccer that you can’t head before a certain age in California, and in hockey that you can’t check before a certain age.”

Title: Gen Z Staffers Turn On Biden
Details: Senior officials in the White House are reportedly pressed that young staffers are circulating anonymous letters opposing Biden’s support of Israel.Since the October 7 Hamas attacks on Israel, these letters have spread within the White House, the State Department, and the Biden campaign, often leaking to the press. They call for a ceasefire, which Biden has refused to do.Analysts emphasize that the idea of junior staffers opposing the leader of their party would be unthinkable not long ago, underscoring how divisive Biden’s relationship with Israel is.Longtime Democrat strategist James Carville: “There’s this whole, ‘You’re not the boss of me’ attitude now. ‘I might work for you but I have my own views.’ If you said you didn’t like some of President Clinton’s policies, the idea that you would go public with that would be insane. Just wouldn’t do that. It wouldn’t even cross your mind.”One former senior White House official: “What they don’t know is Joe Biden and that doesn’t work on him. That is not an effective way to get his attention.”The young staffers are emblematic of a larger divide happening within the Democrat Party—a poll from December found that only 19% of voters under the age of 30 approved of Biden’s handling of the Israel conflict.

Title: Massive Log Crashes Into Toilet
Details: A giant tree in Oregon crashed through one family’s roof and landed perfectly in their toilet, leaving behind a colossal log.The incident occurred around 2:40AM Tuesday during heavy snowfall, causing no injuries but significant property damage. An arborist estimated the branch weighed up to 300 pounds.Matt Houston, the unlucky toilet owner: “It knocked pictures off the wall. There were chunks of the toilet seat down the stairs that ricocheted off the wall. People don’t realize when an object that weighs who knows how much—that big a branch atop a tree that hits our house, it sounds like you got hit by a mortar. It would have killed somebody.”

Title: Computer Mouse For Tongue Unveiled
Details: A company has unveiled a device that allows users to scroll on a computer with their tongues.MouthPad, an innovative retainer-like device, senses tongue movements, allowing users to scroll, type, and make calls with their tongue. Designed for people with disabilities, it's compatible with phones, tablets, and computers via Bluetooth.The device is clear around the teeth, with a golden touchpad for tongue contact and a force sensor for clicks. It was unveiled by the company Augmental at the Consumer Electronics Show in Vegas this week.Corbin Halliwill, a software engineer behind the device: “It is a mouse for your mouth. A lot of things come close, but they always fall short.”The team has been developing its working prototype for about two years, and the product is expected to hit the market later this year, with early access already available on their website.

Title: The Weeknd Helps Homeless Youth
Details: The Weeknd has partnered with the L.A. nonprofit organization School on Wheels to assist over 1,000 homeless students in receiving education and mentorship opportunities.The artist’s substantial donation will provide Chromebooks, laptops, internet access, and various educational software programs like Renaissance Star Assessments, MyOn, and Freckle. This initiative comes in response to the severe impact of COVID on homeless students, which has significantly hindered their progress in math and reading.Beyond Los Angeles, The Weeknd has contributed to charitable causes in Gaza, Ethiopia, and Lebanon, and supported MusiCares and COVID relief efforts in Ontario.

