Title: U.S. Strikes Targets In Yemen
Details: The U.S. and UK have conducted airstrikes against Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen, in retaliation for attacks on commercial vessels in the Red Sea.The Houthis have launched over two dozen attacks on vessels in the Red Sea since November, severely hampering the freedom of navigation in one of the world's main commercial shipping routes.Biden said in a statement that at his direction, the coalition of military forces “successfully conducted strikes against a number of targets in Yemen used by Houthi rebels to endanger freedom of navigation in one of the world's most vital waterways.”He continued: “These attacks have endangered U.S. personnel, civilian mariners, and our partners, jeopardized trade, and threatened freedom of navigation. More than 50 nations have been affected in 27 attacks on international commercial shipping. Crews from more than 20 countries have been threatened or taken hostage in acts of piracy. More than 2,000 ships have been forced to divert thousands of miles to avoid the Red Sea—which can cause weeks of delays in product shipping times. And on January 9, Houthis launched their largest attack to date—directly targeting American ships.”Houthi leader Abdel-Malik al-Houthi said in a televised address that "any American attack [would] not remain without a response," adding this would "be greater" than its attack on Tuesday.The Houthis have said they began the attacks to get the Israeli military to halt its offensive in Gaza, which began after the October 7 Hamas attack on Israel.

Title: Plastics Causing $250B Health Crisis
Details: Microplastics containing “forever chemicals” in food and water are costing the U.S. healthcare system over $250 billion a year due to them being linked to many health conditions, a new study has found. Remarkably, this is costlier than COVID, which is estimated to have racked up around $203 billion in healthcare costs.Found in bottled water and most foods, these plastics are linked to cancers, hormone imbalances, fertility issues, and heart disease. The ubiquity of microplastics makes it hard to trace their original exposure, but they're believed to contribute to rising cancers in young people.For instance, a report from just this week found that there is an average of 240,000 plastic particles in a one-liter bottle of water. Another study found that microplastics have been found in 90% of Americans' foods, including even whole foods like chicken, fish, and beef.Dr. Leonardo Trasande, a physician at New York University: “The diseases due to plastics run the entire life course from preterm birth to obesity, heart disease, and cancers.”Michael Belliveau, executive director of Defend Our Health: “Preventing plastic pollution can reduce disease, disability, early death, and health care costs. Policymakers and market leaders must detoxify and slash the use of petrochemical plastics and endocrine-disrupting chemicals. We urge negotiators to finalize a Global Plastics Treaty that caps and reduces plastic production and eliminates EDCs as plastics additives.”

Title: New Civilization In Amazon Discovered
Details: Scientists have uncovered a 2,500-year-old civilization in Ecuador that is believed to predate European colonization, upending the notion that the first complex ancient civilizations were concentrated in Europe and the Middle East.The discovery includes citadels, roads, and ritual sites, revealing a complex urban society. This ancient network dates back to 500 B.C.E. and continued until 600 C.E., overlapping with the Roman Empire.The research was led by French anthropologist Stéphen Rostain and a team of researchers, many of whom are from Ecuador. They found at least 15 distinct settlements in the Upano area of Ecuador, using on-the-ground surveys and excavations, as well as aerial radar maps across the 300-kilometer-square area.Stéphen Rostain: “Such a discovery is another vivid example of the underestimation of Amazonia’s twofold heritage: environmental but also cultural, and therefore Indigenous.”Unnamed researcher: “We believe that it is crucial to thoroughly revise our preconceptions of the Amazonian world and, in doing so, to reinterpret contexts and concepts in the necessary light of an inclusive and participatory science.”

Title: AI Engineers New Battery
Details: Microsoft’s AI has discovered a new material that could replace lithium in batteries, potentially alleviating the global dependence on the relatively rare metal.The AI system screened over 32.6 million materials, narrowing it down to 18 top candidates before selecting the final material: an electrolyte material that uses approximately 70% less lithium than existing batteries, substituting some lithium with sodium.The new material has already been synthesized, and additional tests are planned to verify its stability and efficiency.It’s difficult to overstate the significance of this new material. Currently, China dominates the lithium market, with the U.S. hoping to discover goldmines of the metal in states like California.Brian Abrahamson, the chief digital officer at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory: “We think there's an opportunity to do this across a number of scientific fields. Recent technology advancements have opened up the opportunity to accelerate scientific discovery. The development of novel batteries is an incredibly important global challenge, it has been a labor-intensive process. Synthesizing and testing materials at a human scale is fundamentally limiting.”

Title: LeBron Named In Young Thug Trial
Details: During Young Thug's ongoing YSL RICO trial, LeBron James’ name surfaced due to him doing the “wipe your nose” hand sign with teammates and calling them “slime.”Prosecutors argued the “WYN” gesture is code for offing a rival in the streets and pressured YSL co-founder Tick to cough up what he knew about LeBron. Tick testified about LeBron's hand gestures but couldn't confirm any direct ties to YSL.Prosecutors also played Thugger’s 2014 hit “Lifestyle” as proof of the artist mentioning crimes in his songs.

Title: Gen Z Investors Turn On ESG
Details: Young investors are now less likely to support environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives, a striking change for a generation traditionally most supportive of socially responsible investing.The finding comes from a new Stanford study, which polled 993 investors across the U.S. during the fall of 2023. In the survey, preference for ESG investing among millennials and Gen Z—aged between 18 and 41—plummeted significantly compared to the year before. Most notably, people who responded that they were "very concerned about environmental issues" dropped from 70% in 2022 to 49% in 2023.Similar drops were also seen for social and governance issues. Younger investors who were "very concerned about social issues" dropped from 65% in 2022 to 53% in 2023. Governance issues fell from 64% to 47%.The preferences of millennial and Gen Z investors are now much closer to those of baby boomers, the majority of whom have historically rejected ESG initiatives.The study also examined the risks that these young investors would take if it meant supporting ESG goals. In 2022, the average respondent was willing to sacrifice 6% to 10% of their portfolio for ESG investments. In 2023, the average was just 1% to 5%.Amit Seru, economist: “Young investors tell us that they are much less willing to lose personal money to see progress made against issues such as climate change, sustainability, labor conditions, and diversity in the workplace. With their confidence down, investors are more cautious about risking their personal wealth to support stakeholder issues.”

Title: North Korea Hires IG Influencer
Details: Kim Jong-Un is enlisting a glamorous influencer to promote a North Korean ski resort on Instagram.Known only as Viktoria, the woman has 80,000 followers across several platforms and regularly appears online, leading to claims that she’s linked to the Russian embassy in North Korea. That connection is notable, as Putin has been encouraging Russians to take vacations in the Asian country as a thank-you for supplying missiles and shells for his war against Ukraine.Viktoria shares her luxurious experiences at the resort, including skiing lessons, spa visits, and fine dining.She says in one video: “Checking into the hotel was also very comfortable, I loved the room, clean bright chalet-style, and everything you need for a comfortable stay. And of course a beautiful view of the ski slopes from the window. I spent the other two days eating really good food, drinking coffee, playing pool, and ice skating.”Viktoria appears to have been living in North Korea since November and joked in a post: “I broke the toilet on my second day.”

Title: Museum Renames ‘Offensive’ Paintings
Details: An art museum in Spain is renaming paintings to remove terms like “dwarf” and “deformed” to comply with disability laws.Nearly 30,000 items were reviewed by the Prado Museum, leading to changes in titles and signage to use less “offensive” language. For instance, Velázquez's “The Boy from Vallecas” previously had a caption that noted the painting’s character suffered from “dwarfism.” That word has now been replaced with “achondroplasia.”Velázquez’s “The Buffoon El Primo” once had a sign that said the artwork is “one of Velázquez’s portraits of dwarfs.” It now reads: “This is one of Velázquez’s portraits.”“We have a duty to be exemplary as a key institution,” a museum official stated.The Prado Museum emphasized it would not change the titles of “historical” works, pointing to the engraving “The Faggot, Auntie Gila,” made by legendary artist Francisco Goya, who also painted the famed “Saturn Devouring His Son” in the early 19th century.

Title: Fingerprints May Not Be Unique
Details: Researchers are challenging the widely accepted idea that all fingerprints are unique. After training an AI to identify 60,000 prints from different fingers of the same person, the tool could identify with 75-90% accuracy whether prints from different fingers came from one person.The researchers emphasized numerous consequences of this finding, including for crime detection. For example, if an unidentified thumbprint is found at crime scene A, and an unidentified index fingerprint at crime scene B, the two could not currently be forensically connected to the same person—but the AI tool could be able to identify this.In biometrics, it also means more than one finger could be used to unlock a device.Hod Lipson, researcher: “We don't know for sure how the AI does it. It is clear that it isn't using traditional markers that forensics have been using for decades. It seems like it is using something like the curvature and the angle of the swirls in the center. We don't actually know that fingerprints are unique. All we can say is that as far as we are aware, no two people have yet to demonstrate the same fingerprints.”

Title: Vienna: ‘Most Livable City’
Details: The Economist has ranked Vienna, Austria, as the world’s most livable city. Likely part of that reason is because the city excels in providing affordable inner-city housing, contrasting with other major European cities.The largest landlord in Vienna is the city itself, owning 220,000 socially rented apartments. Yet unlike in other countries, where public housing typically includes a majority of people from one social class, Austria embraces “social sustainability” and mixes people from various backgrounds in the same estates.“One of the key concepts to understanding Vienna’s approach to housing is social sustainability,” said Maik Novotny, an architecture critic for the Austrian newspaper Der Standard. “In order to avoid the creation of ghettoes and the costly social conflicts that come with them, the city actively strives for a mixing of people from different backgrounds and on different incomes in the same estates. Social housing isn’t just for the poor.”One student told The Guardian that he would have no hope of applying for social housing in countries such as the UK, but in Vienna, the city won him over through a program for first-time tenants under 30.Additionally, the public housing has a unique architectural flair, looking more like castles or monasteries rather than the modernist buildings in other European cities. In other words, they don’t have the stigma of poverty and crime that is associated with public housing elsewhere. As the historian Eve Blau has put it: “If you’re planning something radical, it’s not a bad idea to come across as conservative as possible.”

