Title: Alaska Airline Passengers Sue Boeing
Details: At least six passengers on the Alaska Airlines flight that had an emergency exit door fly off mid-air are suing the aircraft manufacturer Boeing, alleging "the event physically injured some passengers and emotionally traumatized most if not all aboard."The force of depressurization reportedly ripped off a boy's shirt and sucked out cell phones and oxygen. A Seattle company filed the lawsuit on behalf of six named passengers and others aboard the flight, seeking a trial for damage amounts.Following the incident, the Federal Aviation Administration ordered a temporary grounding of all 171 Boeing 737 MAX 9 planes in the U.S. territory for safety inspections. United Airlines said it found loose bolts in some of them, without disclosing the number of planes.Earlier this week, Boeing’s CEO Dave Calhoun fought back tears as he addressed his employees, stating: “We’re going to approach this—No. 1—acknowledging our mistake. We’re going to approach it with 100% and complete transparency every step of the way.” Boeing has not commented on the lawsuit.

Title: Athens Turning Into ‘Mini-Dubai’
Details: Athens is set for a £6.8 billion ($8.7 billion) seaside development within ten years, likened to a mini Dubai.The project includes luxury hotels, 8,000 upscale homes, malls, restaurants, a casino, and a marina for mega-yachts. It's anticipated to be Europe's largest real estate project, transforming over 1,500 acres on the site of the former Ellinikon International Airport which closed in 2001.Some residents oppose the development. Local Peppy Koliakakou told the Daily Mail: “All Greekness will be wiped out. This is a playground for the uber rich, which the average Greek will not be able to enjoy. I want my kids to be able to stroll out and enjoy the liberty and ease of a Greek neighborhood. There should have been other alternatives to developing the decrepit airport, not a complete sell out to foreign interests. I am worried that this will tarnish Athens and that it will turn the area into a tacky, mini Dubai.”Gin mill owner Yianna Massonos: “I don't think the average Greek will reap the full benefits of the project. Only high-flying multi-millionaires, sheiks, and emirs have bought up the stunning flats.”Others, like Athenian businessman Petros Tsitsiricos, see it as a positive step for Greece's economy, potentially creating 75,000 jobs and reviving the city's fortunes. He said: “For a bankrupt nation, like Greece, any development project, not least this mammoth undertaking, is positive. It can only boost demand and business altogether. And that can only spell a blessing for a financially devastated country like Greece.”

Title: Dems Slam Biden For Yemen Attack
Details: Yesterday, the U.S. and UK conducted airstrikes against Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen, in retaliation for attacks on commercial vessels in the Red Sea. Members of Biden’s party are now slamming the move, saying the president violated the Constitution by not seeking permission from Congress.Democrat Representative Pramila Jayapal wrote on X: “This is an unacceptable violation of the Constitution. Article 1 requires that military action be authorized by Congress.”Congresswoman Cori Bush, also a Democrat, echoed that sentiment: “@POTUS can’t launch airstrikes in Yemen without congressional approval. This is illegal and violates Article I of the Constitution. The people do not want more of our taxpayer dollars going to endless war and the killing of civilians. Stop the bombing and do better by us.”Democrat Representative Ro Khanna similarly said: “The President needs to come to Congress before launching a strike against the Houthis in Yemen and involving us in another middle east conflict. That is Article I of the Constitution. I will stand up for that regardless of whether a Democrat or Republican is in the White House.”Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution requires that war be authorized by Congress. In the lead-up to the strikes on Yemen, Biden notified Congress of the strikes but did not seek authorization. The article has long been understood to be a mechanism for checking and regulating the president’s power to wage war.The administration justifies the strikes under the War Powers Act, which allows limited military operations without prior congressional approval for important U.S. interests. Activists maintain that what constitutes “limited” operations is arbitrary and could be repeatedly used to justify ignoring Congress.

Title: X Launching Payment System This Year
Details: Elon Musk’s X platform has announced it will launch peer-to-peer payments this year.In a statement, X said it will unlock “more user utility and opportunities for commerce” as the platform works to “revolutionize 2024.” So far, X Payments LLC has only obtained money transmission licenses in 14 states.Musk has been pushing to transform X into an “everything app,” analogous to WeChat in China. In July, he said the company is planning to add “comprehensive communications and the ability to conduct your entire financial world.”Months earlier, X introduced a feature in partnership with eToro, a social trading company, that allows users to access cryptocurrencies, stocks, and other types of financial assets.

Title: Study: Weed Motivates Exercise
Details: A University of Colorado study challenges the stereotype that cannabis users are lazy, showing the positive impact on exercise motivation and enjoyment.The research involved 42 runners who exercised both sober and after consuming cannabis, with options for CBD or THC strains. Runners booked three, 30-minute running sessions on a treadmill at the university: one to set a baseline, one sober, and then one after a joint.Results indicated that 90.5% of participants enjoyed exercise more with cannabis. It also reduced pain for 69% and increased focus for 59.5%.Angela Bryan, professor of psychology and neuroscience: “We have an epidemic of sedentary lifestyle in this country, and we need new tools to try to get people to move their bodies in ways that are enjoyable. If cannabis is one of those tools [to combat sedentary lifestyle], we need to explore it, keeping in mind both the harms and the benefits.”Though cannabis enhanced the workout experience, it did not improve performance. Less than a third felt their performance improved.

Title: Tesla Tops Volkswagen, BMW In U.S.
Details: Tesla’s market share in the U.S. is now greater than that of Volkswagen, Subaru, and BMW.In 2023, the company’s share increased to 4.2%, up from 3.8% the previous year, with 654,888 vehicles sold.The overall electric vehicle (EV) market saw a 46% increase in sales, but there's a potential sales plateau, as Q3 to Q4 sales showed only marginal improvements. The market is also set to become more competitive, with over 70 new EV models expected to debut in the next two years, including 37 models this year.Despite its domestic success, Tesla was surpassed last week by China’s BYD as the world's biggest producer of EVs.

Title: 2024’s Grandest Architecture Projects
Details: This year will see a number of bold and beautiful projects around the world. Here’s a list of some.A vertical forest in Nanjing, China, which will feature 800 trees, over 2,500 shrubs, and trailing plants installed on carefully configured balconies. Comprised of two towers, it’ll contain offices, a museum, and a hotel with a top-floor swimming pool. The firm behind it has said the forest will promote biodiversity and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by around 18 tons a year.The $760 million restoration of the Notre Dame Cathedral will come to an end, having its grand re-opening on December 8, 2024. Its famous spiral was rebuilt last month, according to the original design by French architect Eugène Viollet-le-Duc.A new hotel in Denver, Colorado, that is inspired by the knotted white bark of the native aspen tree. Populus Hotel describes itself as the first carbon-positive hotel in the U.S., featuring a “biophilic” design complete with 265 rooms and a white facade.

Title: 99% Of U.S. Near Mexican Restaurant
Details: A new analysis reveals that Mexican restaurants are present in 85% of U.S. counties, with just 1% of the population living in a county that does not have at least one.Unsurprisingly, they’re most common in Texas and southern California, since both states are close to the southern border.In 2016, the founder of Latinos for Trump warned of “taco trucks on every corner.” Some say that prophecy has become true.

Title: Man Buys 30 Lotto Tickets, Wins $150K
Details: A man in Virginia bought 30 identical lottery tickets for $1 each and won $150,000, using the same number combination for all of them. Miraculously, this is the second time he’s won using this strategy, earning $125,000 in May last year.Each of the 30 tickets won $5,000. The chances of this happening are one in 10,000.Reflecting on his good fortune, Dana Bickham told lottery officials: "I thought, 'You've got to be kidding me!'"Some mathematicians say there is some logic in this strategy. They estimated that buying 27 tickets guarantees a win in the UK's National Lottery, for instance, although netting a prize as large as $150,000 is still extremely slim.

Title: Tribe Eats ‘Demon-Possessed’ People
Details: The Korowai people of Papua, Indonesia, are believed to be the last cannibal tribe on Earth. They think evil spirits called khakhua live alongside us and take possession of human bodies to carry out their demonic acts.In their tribe, unnatural deaths are investigated by the tribal shaman or witch doctor and can be perceived as caused by khakhua. After the shaman has investigated the incident, he will often order an act of ritual cannibalism to eliminate the evil spirit.This practice is not for physical sustenance but a deeply symbolic gesture. The ritual murder is seen as an act of mercy, freeing them from the grip of the demon within.The Korowai’s way of life is thought to date back tens of thousands of years. According to The Daily Telegraph, “Until the late 1970s, when anthropologists embarked on a study of the tribe, the Korowai were unaware of the existence of any peoples other than themselves.” In 2007, a BBC camera crew who visited them said the tribesmen saw them as “white ghosts” who had come to warn them about the end of the world.

