Title: Independent Voters Hit Record High
Details: A record 43% of U.S. adults identified as independents in 2023, equalling the 2014 high.Both the Democrat and Republican parties saw 27% of U.S. adults identifying with them, a historical low for Democrats. Gallup's survey indicates a slight Republican edge in leaned party identification in 2023.Independents first outnumbered supporters of both major political parties in 1991 and have continued to do so since then, except in several years between 2004 and 2008.Ideologically, Americans are mostly divided into conservatives and moderates (36%), with liberals showing a gradual increase over decades (25%).

Title: Kids Are Using Anti-Aging Products
Details: Children as young as ten are using anti-aging creams, influenced by social media trends.They are increasingly requesting moisturizers costing about $60 per jar and adopting complex skincare routines.Popular products like retinol are beneficial for aging skin but can cause redness, flaking, and rashes on children's faces.Dr. Emma Wedgeworth, British Cosmetic Dermatology Group: “There are children with extensive skincare routines, who wash their face before using a serum, then a mist, and next a toner, followed by an expensive moisturizer. This is completely unnecessary as children only need to wash their face with a gentle fragrance-free cleanser and use a light moisturizer, and sunscreen during the summer months. But social media is making children very aware of their appearance and skin, as they compare themselves to influencers.”Dr. Anjali Mahto, consultant dermatologist: “I'm aware that at present there is a social media trend for teenagers showcasing their luxury skincare routines, especially on platforms such as TikTok. I feel it is essential to emphasize that a 13-year-old's skincare routine should prioritize basic hygiene, rather than unnecessary complexity. Teenagers are sometimes overly concerned about premature aging. I recently saw a 14-year-old in clinic who was concerned about crow's feet.”

Title: Scientists Finally Figure Out Love
Details: Neuroscientists have discovered a “biological signature of desire” in the brain, explaining our preference for certain individuals.The research used prairie voles, known for their strong monogamous bonds, as a model for human romantic relationships. In the first test, the voles were separated by a lever-controlled door. In the second, they were separated by a climbable fence.Scientists observed increased dopamine activity in the voles’ brains when they overcame obstacles to reunite with their partners, indicating a chemical imprint of desire. Notably, this dopamine surge did not occur with unfamiliar voles.Zoe Donaldson, associate professor, University of Colorado at Boulder: “What we have found, essentially, is a biological signature of desire that helps us explain why we want to be with some people more than other people. As humans, our entire social world is basically defined by different degrees of selective desire to interact with different people, whether it's your romantic partner or your close friends.”Anna Pierce, researcher: “This suggests that not only is dopamine really important for motivating us to seek out our partner, but there's actually more dopamine coursing through our reward center when we are with our partner than when we are with a stranger.”

Title: Snapchat CEO: ‘Social Media Is Dead’
Details: Evan Spiegel, the founder and CEO of Snapchat, criticized rival social media apps in a letter to his employees, declaring, “Social Media is Dead. Long Live Snapchat!”Spiegel said the company has "reached a real turning point," while noting: “We're certainly far from perfect, but while our competitors are connecting pedophiles, fueling insurrection, and recommending terrorist propaganda, we know that Snapchat makes people happy.”He emphasized that he wants Snap to “transcend the limitations of the smartphone” through its augmented reality glasses, which he anticipates “will gain momentum before the end of the decade.”“In 2024, we're on the precipice of another revolution in personal computing that began with the desktop, evolved into the smartphone, and is becoming wearable with Spectacles, our augmented reality glasses,” Spiegel wrote.Snap isn’t the only social media company racing into smart glasses—Meta released its version of glasses in collaboration with Ray-Ban in September.

Title: Man Missing After Falling Into Crack
Details: A man fell into a deep crack in Iceland that opened up after the eruption of a nearby volcano last month. He remains missing.According to a local newspaper, the man was filling a crevasse in the affected coastal fishing town of Grindavik when he tumbled into the opening, triggering a large-scale search and rescue operation involving 200 people. The depth of the crack is estimated to be around 100 feet, with a small opening but larger space below.Úlfar Lúðvíksson, local police chief: “We came to search until we find him.”

Title: Studios Ask Reddit For IP Addresses
Details: Film studios are trying to force Reddit to disclose the IP addresses of users who discussed illegally distributing movies on the platform, marking their third attempt in less than a year.In 2023, Reddit successfully defended two similar subpoenas, citing the First Amendment right to anonymous speech. The current dispute involves a subpoena for “IP address log information from 1/1/2017 to present” for six Reddit users, a narrower request than before.The studios argue that “the Reddit users do not have a recognized privacy interest in their IP addresses,” challenging previous court decisions. In this week's filing, the film studios claim that six Redditors' IP address logs are “clearly relevant and proportional to the needs of the case."Reddit responded to the studios' subpoena with a letter stating that the demand “does not satisfy the First Amendment standard for disclosure of identifying information regarding an anonymous speaker.”Last year, a Reddit user wrote that they received 44 emails from a telecommunications company threatening to cut off their service due to torrent downloads. They felt the fact that no action had been taken after 44 emails indicated that the company was all talk and no action: “if they didn’t do it after 44 emails ... they won’t.”

Title: Teacher Bans ‘Bruh,’ ‘Gyat,’ ‘Rizz’
Details: A teacher went viral for allegedly banning 32 slang words in their classroom, with the list of the banned terms surfacing on social media.The teacher prefaced the list by writing: “If you are caught using these words, you will write a short essay explaining why you chose to use these words in an academic setting to express yourselves. There are many ways to articulate what you need to say without using slang. Please know that using slang in an academic setting can diminish your capability to become a successful writer. More often than not, the way you speak is the way you will write. The gibberish some of you choose to use is improper English and sometimes inappropriate for an academic setting. This is an educational institution, and you will carry yourself as scholars in my classroom!”The list included “bruh,” “standing on business,” “skee-yee,” “that’s cap,” “bet,” “gyat,” “on bro,” “freak you mean,” and “big dawg.”

Title: China’s Futuristic Megacity Is Empty
Details: In 2017, Xi Jinping proposed his “city of the future,” perched on the outskirts of Beijing. Known as Xiongan, it was described as a gleaming, high-tech metropolis that would be “a model city in the history of human development.” Nearly six years later, the city lacks residents.The ruling Communist Party has since spent some 610 billion yuan ($85 billion) on the city, but when Bloomberg visited it this month, a highway into Xiongan was almost empty.Locals say there is currently not much reason to relocate from Beijing, the center of Chinese prosperity. “I worked hard in the college entrance exams to come to Beijing, not to Xiongan,” said a first-year student at a Chinese university.What the slow start also reveals, however, are the constraints to Xi’s power. The leader has continually praised the city in his addresses, and yet residents still aren’t flocking there. “People must move if needed to,” he said during a May visit to Xiongan with top leaders.Alfred Wu, researcher: “This resistance is based on real-world interest. If you cannot make their interests align with your interest then of course you can’t make it happen. Xi’s power still has limits after all.”Still, Xi has time for the city to prosper. Xiongan has a mid-century target for completion, and in 11 years’ time, the city is expected to handle some of Beijing’s non-capital functions and become a “high-level modernized socialist city.” Its success in reaching those goals will be linked to Xi’s own legacy.

Title: Voice Actors Being Replaced By AI
Details: Voice actors are protesting the decision by the Screen Actor's Guild to sign a deal allowing AI-generated voice performances in video games.The union claimed the decision had been “approved by affected members of the union’s voiceover performer community,” but a chorus of actors are denying that.Steve Blum, a voice actor, wrote on X: “Nobody in our community approved this that I know of. Games are the bulk of my livelihood and have been for years. Who are you referring to?”Another actor, Elias Toufexis, said: “I would humbly consider myself one of the top voice actors working in games. No one asked me about this. No one reached out for my opinion. From what I'm seeing, no one asked any of my peers either.”Voiceover casting director Samantha Morrison even went so far as to accuse the union of “straight up spreading lies.” “No voice actor would willingly approve this. AI has no place in voiceover, or the arts in general!” she said.

Title: Fourth African Nation Exiles Malaria
Details: Cape Verde has successfully eliminated malaria, becoming the fourth African country and 44th globally to achieve this milestone. It’s also the first time a sub-Saharan African nation has been declared malaria-free in 50 years.Cape Verde's achievement follows Algeria (2019), Morocco (2010), and Mauritius (1973). The country's journey to elimination included systematic surveillance, mosquito breeding site mapping, and free treatment and testing.Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director-general of the World Health Organization: “I salute the government and people of Cape Verde for their unwavering commitment and resilience in their journey to eliminating malaria.”Ulisses Correia e Silva, prime minister of Cape Verde: “The certification as a malaria-free country has a huge impact, and it’s taken a long time to get to this point.”

