Title: Scientists Say King Kong Was Real
Details: A King Kong-like ape standing nearly ten feet tall once roamed southern China, scientists say. The extinction of the Gigantopithecus blacki remains one of the biggest mysteries in paleontology.They were first identified a century ago from teeth in a Hong Kong apothecary. The species flourished from about two million years ago, primarily eating fruit. A new study indicates they went extinct between 295,000 and 215,000 years ago due to climate change impacting their diet.Renaud Joannes-Boyau, co-author of the new study: “I think the child in us wants to know about these amazing creatures and what happened to them.”Despite lasting two million years, only teeth and jawbones have been found, leaving much about Gigantopithecus’ appearance and habits a mystery.

Title: Germany Defends Israel In Court
Details: Last week, South Africa began its genocide case against Israel in the International Court of Justice. Germany has announced it will intervene on Israel’s behalf as a third party to defend the Jewish state.Namibia called Germany’s move a “shocking decision,” with its president, Hage Geingob, writing on X: “Germany has chosen to defend in the ICJ the genocidal and gruesome acts of the Israeli government against innocent civilians in Gaza and the occupied Palestinian Territories.”The statement added that Berlin was ignoring Israel’s killing of more than 23,000 Palestinians in Gaza: “No peace-loving human being can ignore the carnage waged against Palestinians in Gaza.”President Geingob noted also that Germany committed the first genocide of the 20th century in Namibia between 1904 and 1908, in which tens of thousands of innocent Namibians died. “Germany cannot morally express commitment to the United Nations Convention against genocide, including atonement for the genocide in Namibia, whilst supporting the equivalent of a holocaust and genocide in Gaza,” he wrote.Regarding the case, the International Court of Justice is likely to present a provisional measure in the coming days, but a final verdict will take years.

Title: Fendi: Princess Anne ‘Chicest Woman’
Details: Fendi is basing its 2024 autumn and winter collection on the British Princess Anne, whom designer Silvia Venturini Fendi called “the chicest woman in the world... capable of maintaining her femininity while wearing a uniform.”The collection, unveiled at Milan Fashion Week, features durable, versatile garments reflecting Anne's ethos against disposable fashion. Items include overcoats, leather wellies, and sweaters in moss green and slate gray, suitable for a damp winter's day on the Balmoral moors.Silvia Venturini Fendi explained: “I fell in love with the style of Princess Anne who, to my mind, is the most elegant woman in the world. When I saw the Coronation last year with Princess Anne in her uniform, I thought she looked beautiful… The Princess Royal is very rigorous in how she dresses, with this kind of military-minded attitude, but feminine at the same time.”In an interview with Vanity Fair, the British royal said she reused outfits “because I'm quite mean.”During her tour of Sri Lanka last week, Anne spoke against disposable fast fashion, saying: “You think about how much is going into landfill...we need materials that can do more than one evolution of fashion.”

Title: Tech Sector Sees Mass Layoffs
Details: The tech industry has begun 2024 with over 5,500 layoffs, all while pouring money into AI.Companies like Google, Amazon, Discord, Unity Software, and Duolingo have made significant cuts this past week alone. News of the job cuts at Amazon and Google come months after both companies separately announced multi-billion-dollar investments into AI startup Anthropic.Last month, Goldman Sachs released a report estimating that as many as 300 million full-time jobs around the world could be lost or diminished by the rise of generative AI technology and that white-collar workers appeared to be most at risk.A coalition of more than two dozen lawmakers expressed concerns over the “impacts of widespread layoffs within the tech industry and its disproportionate impacts on the African American community and women” in a letter late last month. “Recent findings have consistently shown that minorities and women are vastly overrepresented in industry layoffs,” the letter said.The lawmakers pressed the Department of Labor to pay closer attention to these ongoing mass layoffs and to do more to protect the workers most at risk of losing their livelihoods.

Title: Illinois Pleads For Less Migrants
Details: Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker pleaded with Texas Governor Greg Abbott to stop sending immigrants to Illinois amid severe winter weather. Pritzker criticized the act as inhumane during the Arctic blast, which has caused up to 13 inches of snow in northeast Illinois.The governor wrote in a letter shared online: “You seem to have no interest in working on bipartisan solutions to the border crisis because that would put an end to your cruel political game, but I am writing to you today hoping to appeal to your humanity. Your callousness, sending buses and planes full of migrants in this weather, is now life-threatening to every one of the arrivals. Hundreds of children’s and families’ health and survival are at risk due to your actions.”Abbott spokesperson: “Instead of complaining about migrants sent from Texas, where we are also preparing to experience severe winter weather across the state, Governor Pritzker should call on his party leader to finally do his job and secure the border—something he continues refusing to do. Until President Biden steps up and does his job to secure the border, Texas will continue transporting migrants to sanctuary cities to help our local partners respond to this Biden-made crisis.”Texas has sent approximately 30,000 immigrants to Illinois since August 2022, according to Chicago data.

Title: Millionaire Sells Anti-Aging Routine
Details: Tech entrepreneur Bryan Johnson, known for his meticulous $2 million anti-aging routine, is now selling a version of it for $333 a month. He hopes to recruit 2,500 participants for the 90-day program.The plan includes a 400-calorie nutrition routine with a six-ounce longevity drink mix, Johnson’s favorite Nutty Pudding dessert, extra virgin olive oil, and several supplements. Johnson says it’ll be competing for “the most nutritious food program in history.” Participants will also be required to maintain similar sleep, diet, and exercise habits over the 90 days.As part of his quest for youth, Johnson follows a strict plant-based diet, takes a host of daily supplements, and usually eats his last meal by 11AM. He calls it Project Blueprint, and his doctors say it has helped the 46-year-old achieve the skin of a 28-year-old, the heart of a 37-year-old, and the lung capacity of an 18-year-old. It's worth noting, though, that Johnson's routine hasn't been verified by independent medical tests.

Title: Mormons Are Losing Youth In Utah
Details: The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS) no longer holds the majority in Utah, with just 42% of the population being faithful. A new study attributes this decline to the Church’s “McDonaldization,” affecting its unique appeal.The term was first coined to describe how modern society had adopted some of the dominant characteristics of the fast-food chain, including the standardization of services in the name of efficiency and profitability.“This was a really distinct and interesting part of Mormon culture—and now it's gone. On any given Sunday, you'll be getting the same lesson in a rural county in Utah as you would be in Ghana. So if you're a member of the LDS Church, you don't really have to be in Utah anymore to get the Mormon experience,” said Ryan Cragun, co-author of the study.Others emphasize the Church has been rocked with scandals, and given the close-knit nature of the community, these tend to have a larger impact than scandals in other, worldwide religions.From 2021 to 2022 alone, the Church saw a 34% downgrade in self-identified Mormons in Utah. Academics say around a third of those born Mormon in the state later desert the faith, while only around 30% still actively participate in Church activities.While this has been happening, the Church has been peculiarly amassing mass amounts of land. The institution now owns $2 billion of U.S. farmland—more acreage than Bill Gates and China combined.

Title: Blood Donations At Catastrophic Rate
Details: Experts are sounding the alarm on the record low blood donation rate, urging young people to step it up.From 2019 to 2021, blood donations among 16- to 18-year-olds dropped by 60%, and donations among 19- to 24-year-olds dropped by nearly a third. Over the holidays, the Red Cross had 7,000 fewer units of blood available than were needed by hospitals.“If that trend continues, we’re going to be in a very difficult situation,” said Dr. Claudia Cohn, chief medical officer for the Association for the Advancement of Blood & Biotherapies. “Blood centers often depend upon high schools for their blood drives.”The Red Cross found that young people are willing to donate blood when they’re encouraged to do so. For instance, a campaign featuring Snoopy on T-shirts, with the message “Be cool. Give blood,” led to a surge in blood donations from young people in the spring of 2023. Over 70,000 individuals under 35 responded, helping to address a critical blood shortage faced by the Red Cross at the time.The Red Cross is continuing efforts to encourage donations, including offering a chance to win Super Bowl tickets to donors.

Title: Biden Losing Patience With Netanyahu
Details: Biden is “running out” of patience with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu’s refusal to consider U.S. requests regarding the Gaza conflict, according to four U.S. officials.These officials emphasize that since the Hamas attack in October, Biden has given Israel unwavering support, sparking staff revolts in the White House and losing support from key demographics, such as Muslim-American voters. In return, Netanyahu hasn’t given much back, they say.“The situation sucks and we are stuck. The president's patience is running out," one U.S. official told Axios."At every juncture, Netanyahu has given Biden the finger," Democrat Senator Chris Van Hollen, who has been in close contact with U.S. officials about the war, told Axios. "They are pleading with the Netanyahu coalition, but getting slapped in the face over and over again."According to the officials, these requests include Israel transitioning to low-intensity operations in Gaza and releasing Palestinian tax revenues that it’s been withholding.

Title: OG Spider-Man Comic Sells For $1.3M
Details: “The Amazing Spider-Man #1” comic has been auctioned for $1.38 million, a record for this issue. In 1963, it sold for just 12 cents.The comic had a 9.8 “Near Mint/Mint Condition” grade. Experts say this grade justifies the price, as there is only one other copy with this same condition known to exist.Matt Nelson, president of Certified Guaranty Company, the comics industry standard: “For a buyer in today’s market, to obtain a copy of this issue in a 9.8 could be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. This Spider-Man #1 represents literally the launching of his own title that has lasted for decades, so historically, this is a very important book in the Spider-Man universe.”The record-breaking sale was part of a larger comic auction that included a 7.0-grade “Fine/Very Fine” copy of “Superman #1,” which sold for $2.3 million.

