Title: 74% Of U.S. Thinks Leaders Don't Care
Details: A staggering 74% of Americans believe their political leaders don't care about them, reflecting a widespread sentiment of dissatisfaction, a new poll finds.No single group expressed more than 40% confidence in leaders' concern for their well-being, whether broken down by race, party, gender, age, income, or geographic region.43% of Americans feel their lives have worsened under the Biden administration, 9% said they're better, and 28% said they are unchanged. Even Democrats are split on how they feel, with just 53% saying they're better off under Biden.The groups most likely to say leaders don't care are also some of those who feel like they're in the biggest financial trouble. More than 70% of respondents said politicians aren't trustworthy and that they care more about themselves than their constituents.John Gerzema, CEO of The Harris Poll: “The vibe Americans are giving their political leaders is that they're pale, stale and frail. Most of the country does not see the people in charge as relatable, caring, or connected to their lives in any genuine way. This is especially true of younger Americans, who feel that most leaders have stayed on past their expiration date.”

Title: Battery Powers Phone For 50 Years
Details: A Chinese company has engineered a new nuclear battery that could keep your phone running for 50 years without charging.Betavolt Technology claims to have successfully miniaturized atomic energy batteries, which measure less than a coin. The battery is currently in the pilot testing stage and Betavolt plans to mass-produce them for commercial devices like phones and drones, but also states nuclear batteries could be used for aerospace equipment, AI, medical equipment, advanced sensors, and micro-robots.To create the battery, scientists used the radioactive isotope nickel-63 as the energy source and diamond semiconductors as energy converters. Naturally, there are concerns about carrying nuclear material in a pocket, but Betavolt says the battery is safe as it has no external radiation and is suitable for use in medical devices.This technology could revolutionize electronics by removing the need for chargers or portable power banks altogether, powering devices that run continuously and whose batteries do not degrade in terms of capacity and lifespan over charging cycles.

Title: ‘Sopranos’ Creator: TV Is Dying
Details: David Chase, the creator of “The Sopranos,” criticized the current state of the television industry in a new interview, claiming that TV quality is going backward.David Chase: “We’re going back to where I was. They’re going to have commercials [on streamers like Prime Video].” Chase said he recently tried to get a project made about a high-end escort and was “told to dumb it down.”“We are more into multitasking. We seem to be confused and audiences can’t keep their minds on things, so we can’t make anything that makes too much sense, takes our attention, and requires an audience to focus. And as for streaming executives? It is getting worse. We’re going back to where we were.”Chase referred to the post-Sopranos golden era as “a blip,” then emphasized that it was “a 25-year blip. And to be clear, I’m not talking only about ‘The Sopranos,’ but a lot of other hugely talented people out there who I feel increasingly bad for.”“Back then the networks were in an artistic pit. A shithole. The process was repulsive. In meetings, these people would always ask to take out the one thing that made an episode worth doing. I should have quit.” But with his ‘Sopranos’ success, “I made them regret all their decades of stupidity and greed.”

Title: Israel Destroys 50% Of Gaza Buildings
Details: Over half of the buildings in Gaza have been damaged or destroyed after 100 days of Israeli military operations, according to the latest satellite data.Israel’s operations have led to heavy bombings, especially in the northern half of Gaza, with about 85% of the Palestinian population displaced. Satellite data analysis indicates that 70-80% of buildings in northern Gaza are damaged or destroyed.Israel's military, relying on U.S. munitions, has moved to a third phase of war, focusing on more “targeted” operations. This “shift” in strategy and tactics comes after weeks of requests from the U.S. for the Israeli military to stop its indiscriminate air campaign. International pressure has mounted following reports that over 22,000 Palestinians have been killed.

Title: Path To Self-Made Wealth Is Shrinking
Details: In 2023, more wealth was accumulated through inheritance than entrepreneurship. This was the first year the Union Bank of Switzerland has found this to be the case in nine years of research.The trend reflects challenging conditions for building wealth through entrepreneurship and a widening gap in economic opportunities. The world saw 150 new billionaires in 2023, down from the 236 billionaires that were created in 2022.For perspective, 90% of children born in 1940 went on to earn more than their parents, but that rate dropped to just 50% in the 80s.Additionally, salaries in 2021 for the top 0.1% of earners grew at the fastest pace of any income group. Meanwhile, the bottom 90% saw their wages decline. The disparity is expected to grow, with a predicted transfer of $5.2 trillion from billionaire boomers to their heirs in the next 20-30 years.Economists point to higher interest rates as a root cause, which in turn have made it much more difficult to own a home. Less wealthy Americans have also been slammed by high inflation, high borrowing costs, and meager wage gains."The chance of rising up and doing better than your parents went from basically [certain] for kids born in the mid-century to a coin flip in the 1980s," Opportunity Insights research scientist Matthew Staiger told Business Insider. “This is just the first part where you can really see that it's starting to gain momentum. I think there's much work to be done to try to restore rates of economic opportunity to those observed several decades ago.”

Title: Vaccine Linked To Autism In Rats
Details: A peer-reviewed study published this week found that female rats injected with mRNA COVID vaccines gave birth to offspring exhibiting symptoms of autism and lower neuronal counts in the brain.Specifically, the researchers found the vaccines had a “profound impact on key neurodevelopmental pathways,” with the male offspring exhibiting “pronounced autism-like behaviors, characterized by a marked reduction in social interaction and repetitive patterns of behavior.” The study also observed significant decreases in neuronal counts in the hippocampus, critical for memories, learning, and emotions.The scientists emphasized this was not observed in the vaccine group’s female offspring, which “underscores the importance of considering sex as a biological variable in vaccine research and highlights the need for targeted studies to further explore the implications of these sex-specific effects.”The study evoked intense reactions from the scientific community. Radiologist and cancer researcher William Makis called the findings “shocking,” writing on X: “It’s time to immediately halt COVID-19 mRNA Vaccines and begin assessing the incalculable damage done to the next generation.”The study was funded by the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey, with authors declaring no conflicts of interest.

Title: Tiny House Can Be Folded Into Box
Details: A new tiny house can be folded into a box and towed anywhere, revolutionizing the concept of mobile living.Designed by PODX Go, the Grande S1 expands from a road-ready 8.5 feet to a spacious 22.5 feet wide in just 15 minutes, providing 364 square feet of living space. It’s fully furnished, air-conditioned, and includes modern amenities like a kitchen, bathroom, and smart security system with cameras. The $85,000 house is also built with a durable A36 steel structure.Amid housing being the least affordable in four decades, tiny houses have surged in interest. Home Depot, for instance, has capitalized on the popularity by offering a $44,000 “Gateway Pad”—a 540-square-foot kit home that has enough space for a living room, kitchen, one full bathroom, a bedroom, and a rooftop deck accessible by a spiral staircase.

Title: ‘Big Sleep’ Is Next Promising Venture
Details: From sleep-tracking devices to mattresses with sensors to smart thermostats, “Big Sleep” has emerged as a growing economy worth billions of dollars.Venture capital funding for sleep tech has been steadily rising, from around $400 million in 2017 to close to $800 million in 2021. More than one-third of Americans have used an electronic sleep-tracking device, for instance, and most of those people found the tracker data helpful and changed their behavior because of it.There's also been a cultural shift toward valuing sleep, with an emphasis on its impact on health and longevity. This contrasts with past attitudes of neglecting sleep for work and other activities, says Seema Khosla, the medical director of the North Dakota Center for Sleep.Even the U.S. mattress industry has doubled in value from 2015 to 2020, swelling from $8 billion to $16 billion, as mattresses with sensors, weighted blankets, and adjustable pillows gain popularity.Els van der Helm, a sleep neuroscientist: “You see a lot of companies jumping into this market and claiming to improve your sleep. A lot of it is marketing, but there is more money going into science-based products than there ever has been before.”

Title: Podcast Industry Is Dwindling
Details: Major podcasts are seeing a noticeable shrink in their audience after Apple switched off automatic downloads for users who haven’t listened to five episodes of a show in the last two weeks.In the past, a user who listened to a podcast only a few times, subscribed, but stopped listening would be counted as a “download” indefinitely. This allowed some podcasts like The New York Times’ “The Daily” to say they reached over a billion total downloads. Following Apple’s change, several of these podcasts have revealed “they had seen noticeable declines, and were still trying to determine the actual size of their audience following the change.”The shift came with no immediate warning, catching many podcasters by surprise. “Nearly every podcast that regularly publishes got an enormous haircut,” one podcast industry insider said. The global podcast publisher Acast said it expected to see total downloads decrease by 10% as a result of the change.

Title: Breakthrough In Recycling Clothing
Details: Scientists have engineered a technology to recycle used clothes rather than simply burning them. The new technology can separate the different fibers in clothing so that they can be processed and used again.Specifically, the method separates elastane from nylon. Elastane, common in sportswear and increasingly in everyday wear, makes recycling difficult due to its integration with other fibers like cotton, wool, and nylon.The process involves heating clothes with specific alcohol at 440 degrees Fahrenheit in a pressure cooker-like setup, successfully separating different fibers.Steffan Kvist Kristensen, researcher: “We’ve developed a method to remove elastane completely from nylon. We’re not quite there yet with cotton, because some of the cotton fibers are broken down in the process. But we believe that, with some minor adjustments, we can solve this problem. In other words, we can disassemble the fabric so that we can recycle far more textiles in the future.”The technology comes as fashion has had a noticeable impact on the environment, being responsible for 10% of global carbon emissions.

