Title: Trump Wins Iowa Caucus
Details: Donald Trump has won the Iowa caucus. YEWS analysts felt comfortable calling the race before today, but chose to observe longstanding tradition and wait until the morning of the quadrennial midwestern ritual to share the news.What we cannot say for certain yet, however, is whether Nikki Haley—a favorite of Wall Street and the “Never Trump” faction of the Republican Party—will edge out Ron DeSantis. According to the latest poll by The Des Moines Register, she was polling at 20% among caucusgoers over the weekend, while the Florida governor had 16%. If Haley defeats DeSantis, she’ll emerge as the leading anti-Trump candidate in the Republican primary, and donors will pull every move they can to help her beat the former president.

Title: White House Gets Swatted
Details: Fire trucks and ambulances swarmed the White House this morning after a caller told 911 dispatchers the building was on fire with someone trapped inside.The call was made around 7AM and was quickly determined to be a false alarm. Fire and emergency services dispatched 13 units in response. Biden was not at the White House during the incident.Someone who was reached at the callback number for the 911 report indicated they did not place it, suggesting it was likely spoofed.This incident adds to the growing trend of “swatting” in the U.S., where false reports are made to lure emergency services to a location. Notable public figures who have been targets include Representative Marjorie Taylor Greene, Boston Mayor Michelle Wu, Senator Rick Scott, and special counsel Jack Smith.

Title: U.S. Could Have 1,000s Of Ghost Towns
Details: New research predicts that around 15,000 U.S. cities could experience significant depopulation by the year 2100, effectively turning them into ghost towns.Depopulation trends are influenced by various factors, such as the decline of industry, lower birth rates, and the impacts of climate change. The Northeast and Midwest are likely the most affected, with Vermont and West Virginia projected to see over 80% of their cities shrinking.The study highlights the need for a shift from growth-based urban planning to adapting for cities facing population decline.Sybil Derrible, senior author and urban engineer at the University of Illinois Chicago: “The way we’re planning now is all based on growth, but close to half the cities in the U.S. are depopulating. The takeaway is that we need to shift away from growth-based planning, which is going to require an enormous cultural shift in the planning and engineering of cities.”Justin Hollander, an urban planning scholar at Tufts University: “I have never seen a national study that looked so far into the future. Depopulation is everywhere, and the paper is right to demand that cities face this fact and begin to honestly prepare for this possible future.”

Title: Aviation Seeks Intellectual Diversity
Details: The Federal Aviation Administration is actively recruiting individuals who suffer “severe intellectual” disabilities, according to its diversity and inclusion hiring initiative posted on its website.“Targeted disabilities are those disabilities that the Federal government, as a matter of policy, has identified for special emphasis in recruitment and hiring,” the FAA’s website states. “They include hearing, vision, missing extremities, partial paralysis, complete paralysis, epilepsy, severe intellectual disability, psychiatric disability, and dwarfism.”It’s not specified which roles these diverse workers would fill. Many users on social media were quick to point out that near-misses for airplanes have increased by 25% in the last decade and wondered whether the emphasis on diversity has contributed to a competence crisis.

Title: Today Is MLK Day
Details: By now, you’ve likely seen that annoying girl you went to college with post on her Instagram story that today is indeed Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. Regardless, we at YEWS still thought it appropriate to remind you.Much can be said about MLK’s legacy—whether his colorblind vision of a world where men judge each other on their character and conduct still stands true today. Still, any day the federal government isn’t working is a win for all of us.

Title: Dubai Mansions Boom As Rich Move In
Details: Sales of homes worth $25 million or more in Dubai doubled in 2023, reflecting a trend of the world’s wealthiest moving to the Middle Eastern metropolis.A total of 56 ultra-luxury homes, valued at $2.27 billion, were sold last year, with the majority located on Palm Jumeirah and Jumeirah Bay islands. This number is up from 28 properties worth $1.24 billion a year earlier. The spike in demand is attributed to Dubai's pandemic management, liberal visa policies, and investors seeking to protect assets, including Russians, crypto millionaires, and wealthy Indians.The highest transaction recorded was a $136.2 million, 21,950 square-foot, five-bedroom apartment on Palm Jumeirah. This marks a significant shift in Dubai's real estate market, previously selling a maximum of four homes in this price range annually.Faisal Durrani, head of Middle East research at Knight Frank: “The global super-rich continue to zero in on Dubai, with the city’s lifestyle and relatively affordable luxury homes being the top pull factors. There is also an element of a pooling of global wealth in Dubai, which is helping push the emirate to a state of critical mass, which itself has become a new magnet for the global elite.”

Title: Doctors: Canada Healthcare ‘Inhumane’
Details: Emergency rooms across Canada are facing unprecedented pressure with long wait times, exacerbated by a mix of staffing shortages, overcrowding, and a surge in respiratory viruses.In Quebec, emergency rooms were at 137% capacity on average, with about 1,900 people a day visiting ERs, double the number compared to last year.Dr. Trevor Jain: “The situations from coast to coast to coast, they’re horrific and inhumane. I mean, the last 20 years, the emergency departments have become all things for everybody all the time because we’re always open, and the system is starting to reflect that crisis. You know, if you talk to any emergency department, we can stand being busy. We don’t mind being busy, but overcrowding kills and that’s what we’re starting to see.”Jain says Canadians are waiting in emergency departments with serious illnesses for between ten and 32 hours. The Canadian Medical Association also reported an approximate 20-hour wait time in some parts of the country. Two Canadian patients have even died this season waiting in an ER at a hospital on Montreal’s south shore.Dr. Kathleen Ross: “We really have a crisis of access on our hands now. We have to look at our staffing issues. We need to train more physicians and nurses, and we need to retain more physicians and nurses. And that means making sure that our workplaces are safe, secure, and well-supported. Certainly patients are waiting a long time, certainly patients are suffering, but those of us providing care are suffering as well. And that leads to more burnout and more turnover.”

Title: Internet Filled With ‘Bloated Junk’
Details: The Atlantic published a piece arguing that the internet is filled with unnecessary, lengthy, and redundant content, requiring you to waste countless hours to find what you’re looking for. Peculiarly, this trend runs contrary to the emphasis on short-form content that apps like TikTok have popularized.The article writes: “Finding a recipe in a blog post requires first scrolling past a novella detailing the chef’s personal experience with the dish. Streaming shows run long, dragging into feature-film territory. Episodes of ‘The Joe Rogan Experience’ podcast are sometimes longer than ‘Avatar.’ Even platforms once known for short-form media are stretching the limits: Gone are the days of the 280-character tweet. YouTube videos once had a hard cap at 10 minutes long; now they can (and do) reach 12 hours.”The piece goes on to argue that online media is often filled to the brim to maximize advertisement revenue and game algorithms. Even on TikTok, for instance, “people filibuster, delaying their ultimate point, or divide their videos into needless ‘parts’—strategies to hook viewers and drive up valuable engagement numbers. All of this behavior is a side effect of our algorithmically powered reality.”In short, this is another byproduct of the commercialization of the internet. When people were motivated purely by the joy of sharing content, media tended to be short and sweet. But now, information is ironically harder to obtain, because to-the-point media isn’t the best way to maximize profit.

Title: Wealth Of Richest Doubled Since 2020
Details: The net worth of the five wealthiest individuals globally has increased by 114% since 2020, reaching a total of $869 billion. At the same time, nearly five billion people globally have become poorer, as they contend with inflation, war, and the climate crisis. Based on the current trajectory, it would take nearly 230 years to eliminate poverty.Elon Musk's wealth experienced a significant jump, with an increase of 737% to $245.5 billion. Bernard Arnault (111%), Larry Ellison (107%), Warren Buffett (48%), and Jeff Bezos (24%) also saw substantial growth in their fortunes.The top 1% holds 43% of the world’s financial assets—in the U.S., they own 32%. Other regions: Asia (50%), the Middle East (48%), and Europe (47%).This widening wealth gap is occurring in a period dubbed a “new Gilded Age,” where workers and activists are increasingly pushing back through strikes and advocating for better working conditions and policies that strengthen workers' rights.

Title: World’s Oldest Dog May Have Wrong Age
Details: Guinness World Records has paused its records for the world’s oldest dog amid doubts about the age of Bobi, the Portuguese dog that reportedly lived for 31 years and 163 days. This decision has left the title of the world's oldest dog vacant.According to the company’s head of publishing and brand communication, Guinness received “some correspondence from vets” in the wake of the news of Bobi’s death that led to skepticism about the late dog’s age. The company is now seeking new evidence and consulting experts.Now, the throne for the oldest dog remains open. Traditionally, the title would revert to the previous record holder if still alive. Yet controversy also plagues the previous winner, Spike: a Chihuahua who was recorded as 23 years and seven days old in January 2023 and is still alive. He was initially set to regain the title, but Guinness has also requested additional verification for his age, including possibly a second vet's assessment.A Guinness World Records representative wrote in an email: “We are reviewing how we verify animal age records at the moment, so ahead of reinstating Spike as the record-holder, we would like to discuss the possibility of you arranging for a second vet to assess Spike and confirm his age. It’s likely many of our record categories will require a second opinion for verification in the future.”Rita Kimball, Spike's owner, expressed frustration with Guinness's decision, citing that she had already provided extensive evidence of Spike's age, including vet records and photos. “I’m not upset that he got beat, that can happen. I am upset at the fact that they’re withholding his record because this record should have nothing to do with this other dog.”

