Title: Hookers ‘Completely Booked’ At Davos
Details: As the global elite descend into Davos, Switzerland, for the 54th World Economic Forum, escort services in the region are reportedly “completely booked.”The invitation-only meeting brings nearly 2,800 leaders from 120 countries together to discuss the world's most pressing topics, such as climate change, AI, and virus pandemics. Notably, the attendees will discuss “Disease X,” a hypothetical pandemic that is 20 times deadlier than COVID.B. Konrad, owner of the escort platform “Titt4Tat,” has confirmed the surge in demand, attributing it to the attendees' desire for discretion and lack of price sensitivity. “All local service providers are completely booked during the WEF week,” he emphasized.The services tend to offer more of a “girlfriend experience” than just sexual encounters, with bookings lasting between four and 12 hours. Mia May, a sex worker, said the cost of her service is about 2,000 francs ($2,340).Klaus Schwab, the founder of the WEF, prefaced the summit in a statement: “We face a fractured world and growing societal divides, leading to pervasive uncertainty and pessimism. We have to rebuild trust in our future by moving beyond crisis management, looking at the root causes of the present problems, and building together a more promising future.”

Title: Analyst: Class Divide Is Major Risk
Details: The CEO of the world's largest insurance company warns that growing detachment between political leaders and the working class presents the biggest risk in a busy election year.Oliver Bäte of Allianz published the Allianz Risk Barometer this month, which noted that political risk was already at a five-year high in 2023, with civil unrest risk high in about 100 countries. This trend is expected to deepen amid ongoing economic challenges.Bäte: “You’ve seen recent elections in the Netherlands, you’ve seen it in France, and societies are polarizing because our leaders are not addressing the needs of the people. We have an increasing detachment of the political elite from the working class and the people that actually go to work every day, and that, I see as the number one risk for our societies. And remember, this year a lot of people are going to vote, so we need to make sure that they vote for the right things and are not just venting anger.”Even in the U.S., a new poll this week found that 74% of Americans feel their leaders do not care about them.

Title: Iran Claims Attack On Mossad HQ
Details: Iran's Revolutionary Guards claimed responsibility for attacking a purported Israeli “spy headquarters” in Iraq's Kurdistan region. The strike was framed as retaliation for Israeli actions against Iranian commanders.The specific target, according to Iran, was a major Mossad espionage base. Reuters could not independently verify the report, and Israeli officials were not immediately available for comment.Iraq condemned the attack in Erbil, which led to civilian casualties. The Iraqi government plans to file a complaint with the UN Security Council, citing the violation of its sovereignty and the security of its people.Iran’s Revolutionary Guards said in a statement: “In response to the recent atrocities of the Zionist regime, causing the killing of commanders of the [Revolutionary] Guards and the Axis of Resistance… one of the main Mossad espionage headquarters in Iraq's Kurdistan region was destroyed with ballistic missiles. We assure our nation that the Guards' offensive operations will continue until avenging the last drops of martyrs' blood. The Iraqi government will take all legal measures against these actions that are considered a violation of Iraq's sovereignty and the security of its people, including filing a complaint at the United Nations Security Council.”

Title: Tesla Owners Struggle In Cold
Details: Ice-cold temperatures sweeping through North America have exposed the shortcomings of electric vehicles, particularly Teslas. In Chicago's Oak Brook suburb, public charging stations have turned into “car graveyards” due to EVs failing to charge in the extreme cold.The challenge with EV batteries in cold weather lies in the electrolyte thickening, slowing ion movement and increasing resistance, thus draining power faster.Tesla owner Tyler Beard: “Nothing. No juice. Still on 0%, and this is like three hours being out here after being out here three hours yesterday.”“This is crazy. It's a disaster. Seriously,” said another Tesla driver, Chalis Mizelle, who had to ditch her ride and get picked up by a friend because the car wouldn't charge. “We got a bunch of dead robots out here,” quipped another.However, Mark Bilek of the Chicago Auto Trade Association said that drivers were missing a trick. “Like any new technology, there's a learning curve for people. It's not plug-and-go. You have to precondition the battery, meaning that you have to get the battery up to the optimal temperature to accept a fast charge.”Companies like South 8 Technologies and LG Chem are working on solutions, but for now, the advice during extreme cold is to avoid driving EVs.

Title: The Emmys Happened Yesterday
Details: We can’t completely confirm, but according to journalists in Hollywood who are required to spend their Monday nights tracking down celebrities, the Emmy Awards appeared to have happened last night.According to reports, “Succession” won Best Drama Series, while “The Bear” took home Best Comedy Series. “Beef” was named Best Limited or Anthology Series, and “RuPaul’s Drag Race” clinched Best Reality Competition Program.For scripted and talk-variety series, “Last Week Tonight With John Oliver” and “The Daily Show With Trevor Noah” emerged victorious, respectively. Unfortunately, “Better Call Saul” lost all 53 of its Emmy nominations.We’re also hearing that the host, comedian Anthony Anderson, did quite well, avoiding politics. Deadline called his performance “skillfully solid and eminently predictable.”

Title: Flying Taxi Wants To Win Over Paris
Details: A German company hopes to showcase its flying taxis during the Paris Olympics this summer, aiming to demonstrate the viability and safety in the stringent regulatory environment of Paris.Volocopter’s “VoloCity” is an electric vertical take-off and landing aircraft designed for two passengers. Currently, the company is working toward certification by both the EU and the U.S. Test flights are planned in Paris to prove the safety levels of the VoloCity, aiming for a safety standard 100 times higher than helicopters.Volocopter needs 25 million to 30 million euros ($28 million to $33 million) for the two years of demonstration flights around Paris, and between 200 million to 300 million euros to prepare the next step.Dirk Hoke, Volocopter's CEO: “If you can fly in Paris, you can fly in any city in the world. Noise, safety, and durability are the most important criteria for flying above a city. We have to take these views seriously and respond to these concerns, because what's important to us is not just the certification, but public acceptance. We will have support when people see and hear the flights and realize that they don't disturb city life.”

Title: Russia Employing Thousands From Kenya
Details: To fill its labor shortage due to the ongoing conflict with Ukraine, Russia has launched a project in Kenya to train and adapt migrants for work in various industries. This initiative, led by Russian entrepreneur Mikhail Lyapin, aims to employ about 10,000 Kenyans in logistics, construction, and manufacturing.The program is designed for rotational employment, where Kenyans work in Russia for a limited period before returning home. This approach addresses Russia's labor shortage, estimated between 2.5 to four million people.Beyond Russia, Kenya has also negotiated labor agreements with Germany, Serbia, and Israel, creating a total of 310,000 job opportunities for its citizens. This includes 250,000 jobs in Germany, 30,000 in agriculture in Israel, and 20,000 in construction and services in Serbia.Entrepreneur Mikhail Lyapin: “It is known—this is open information—that the labor shortage in Russia, according to various estimates, ranges from 2.5 million to four million people. About 60 million people live in Kenya. Kenya, of course, is not able to cover the entire labor shortage, but it can cover part of it. After the pilot project, we will, together with the state authorities of the countries and with the involvement of our side, make some decisions on increasing the volume of recruited employees.”

Title: Americans Volunteering Less Than Ever
Details: The volunteering rate in the U.S. is currently at an all-time low, with the decline ongoing since the 2010s.According to a survey by AmeriCorps, less than a quarter of Americans age 16 and older said they formally volunteered through an organization in 2020-2021, down from 30% in 2019 and the lowest rate recorded. The decline is prevalent across various states and demographic groups.Informal volunteering, meanwhile, has held steady at roughly 51%, as lockdowns prompted millions of people to help neighbors in need and spurred tens of thousands of mutual aid networks and projects worldwide.Nathan Dietz, research director of the Do Good Institute at the University of Maryland: “During the pandemic, volunteer rates declined by a tremendous amount, and now the data shows that volunteering rates are lower than they have ever been. That’s a bigger and much more substantial change than we ever saw during the 2010s when we saw gradual declines, and the question is how the sector is gonna be able to recover from that. Group activity tends to be the major driver of a lot of what we see when we look at volunteering and giving. People who do things with other people in groups are more likely to volunteer and give, controlling for everything else.”

Title: Uniqlo Sues Shein For ‘Copying’ Bag
Details: Retailer Uniqlo has filed a lawsuit in Japan against Shein, accusing the Chinese company of copying its popular Round Mini Shoulder bag.The lawsuit demands that Shein immediately stop selling the imitation products and compensate for damages.Uniqlo's bag, priced at about ¥1,500 ($10) in Japan, has gained global popularity, leading to concerns over counterfeit and similar products online.Uniqlo said in a statement: “The company filed this complaint because it has determined that the form of the imitation products sold by Shein closely resembles that of its own product. The sale of the imitation products by Shein significantly undermines the high level of customer confidence in the quality of the Uniqlo brand and its products.”

Title: Shanghai Wraps Book Store In Aluminum
Details: A bookshop in Shanghai features a distinctive design: an exterior completely wrapped in perforated aluminum panels, intended to resemble books lined up spine-side out.The 129,150-square-foot Book City hosts 10,000 meters of bookshelves and is designed as a “city within a city” with bookshelf-lined streets and multiple commercial zones. These zones include an art gallery, theater, cafe, writer's studios, and wellness classrooms, aiming to diversify the store's offerings.Architect Chen Lin: “The Book City is a translation of urban space from indoors to outdoors. We strive to create a vertical city with squares, streets, and 'book houses' of different sizes. Readers can stroll through the streets and ‘houses within houses,’ where books serve as the facades of these houses, forming a sea of books.”

