Title: Students Get Diplomas In Metaverse
Details: Students in Japan can now attend a high school in the Metaverse and earn real-world diplomas.AOMINEXT, a Japanese VR developer, has launched a project in collaboration with a real high school. The virtual world features a three-year course recognized by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.Students attending this Metaverse high school will get VR equipment for free and can attend classes from anywhere. They’ll use 3D avatars that are all anime-styled and customizable by each student.The school’s official site says the virtual classroom lets you “be yourself without being constrained by your appearance.”

Title: Taco Bell Launches Cereal
Details: Taco Bell has launched its own cereal, Cinnamon Twists Cereal, inspired by its popular cinnamon twists.In partnership with Uber Eats, the breakfast item is available in select U.S. locations for a limited time. From January 16-22, Uber One members in specific cities can get a mini-cereal box with free delivery on any Taco Bell breakfast order placed by 11AM on UberEats.Uber: “We took your go-to crunchy, cinnamon-y twists and turned them into a cereal for the first time ever.”

Title: Walgreens Boss: U.S. Dream No More
Details: An executive at Walgreens has written a letter to lawmakers in the U.S. and abroad asking for higher taxes on the wealthy, emphasizing it’s a necessary step to save the "rapidly diminishing" American dream.John Driscoll, Walgreens Boots Alliance's executive vice president, addressed the leaders gathered in Davos for the annual World Economic Forum summit. “I am a successful healthcare CEO who is the happy beneficiary of the rapidly diminishing American Dream,” he began the open letter.“In this spirit, I call on national and international lawmakers to do whatever it takes to tax wealthy people like me. I would be proud to pay more if it meant that American Dream stories like mine became possible once again.”In the letter, Driscoll cited that “the average American CEO makes 399 times what their typical employee makes; meanwhile, 52 million Americans make less than $15 an hour and can barely afford rent, food, and utilities.”He concluded: “If our world leaders want to prevent millionaires and billionaires and their children from becoming the accidental aristocracy, they need to ensure that these taxes work as meaningful and effective checks on dynastic wealth.”

Title: Man Bites Flight Attendant
Details: An American passenger allegedly bit a female flight attendant mid-flight, forcing the Japanese aircraft bound for Seattle to return to Tokyo.The incident occurred over an hour into the flight, which had departed from Tokyo's Haneda Airport at 9:47PM local time. The male passenger was detained by police following the plane's landing in Tokyo, and the flight attendant sustained minor injuries.This incident adds to a growing list of aggressive behaviors on flights, including two cases in 2022 where passengers on American Airlines and Delta flights were fined heavily for assaulting crew members and other passengers.

Title: 48,000 Firms Had Data On Same Person
Details: To show the most optimal advertisements, Facebook acquires data on each user from an average of 2,230 companies, a new study found. One extreme example showed that “nearly 48,000 different companies were found in the data of a single volunteer.”The study used Facebook's Download Your Information tool, showing that 186,892 companies provided data on the study’s 709 volunteers. This data assists Meta's advertising platform in targeting ads.Notably, 96% of the participants' data archives contained information from a data broker called LiveRamp. Alongside data brokers, major retailers like The Home Depot, Walmart, and Amazon also contributed data.Even smaller entities, such as a car dealership in a small Texas town, were significantly represented in the data collection.

Title: Altman: AI Requires New Energy Source
Details: Sam Altman, the CEO of ChatGPT developer OpenAI, said that AI is using so much energy that it will eventually require a “breakthrough” energy source.Speaking at the World Economic Forum summit in Davos, Altman said: “There's no way to get there without a breakthrough. It motivates us to go invest more in fusion,” adding that we need better ways to store energy from solar power.According to some estimates, AI chatbots like ChatGPT and Google’s Bard will soon consume as much electricity and water as some countries. An analysis found that by 2027, these server farms could use anywhere between 85 to 134 terawatt hours of energy per year. That's roughly on par with the annual electricity use of Argentina, the Netherlands, or Sweden.AI tycoons have eyed fusion energy as a hypothetically limitless and safe energy source. Altman, for instance, has invested $375 million in Helion Energy, a nuclear fusion company.Arijit Sengupta, founder and CEO of enterprise AI company Aible: “We’re maybe at 1% of where the AI adoption will be in the next two to three years. The world is actually headed for a really bad energy crisis because of AI unless we fix a few things.”

Title: Teen Stress Impacts Adult Health
Details: Stress during teenage years has been linked to long-term health issues, including heart disease, in adulthood.According to new research from USC that studied over 12,000 children for 30 years, those who reported higher stress in adolescence showed more health concerns later in life than those who reported lower stress or no stress at all. This is especially concerning, as a 2018 poll of 36,000 U.S. teens showed that nearly half were stressed “all the time.”Fangqi Guo, a researcher at USC: “Our findings suggest that people with a decreasing stress pattern from adolescence to adulthood show better heart health compared to people with consistently high stress. Therefore, we suggest promoting healthy coping strategies for stress management early in life, which may help prevent development of risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases.”Guo was even surprised by the findings: “Although we assumed that perceived stress patterns should have some association with cardiometabolic endpoints, we did not expect such consistent patterns across various outcomes.”

Title: Users Reject Netflix, Turn To Piracy
Details: Online piracy is on the rise as viewers suffer “subscription fatigue” from signing up for multiple platforms to watch shows.Since 2019, visits to piracy websites have increased by 12% to about 386 million visits a day, according to anti-piracy analyst MUSO. Notably, this has cost the U.S. economy an estimated $29 billion in lost revenue each year.The U.S. entertainment industry reportedly faces up to 560,000 job losses annually due to digital piracy, with the American music industry losing over 70,000 jobs each year because of the practice.In Africa, the television sector is so vital to economic success that cracking down on digital theft has become a priority for national governments.

Title: Kentucky City Beams Message To Aliens
Details: Lexington, Kentucky, has launched an interstellar campaign, hoping to attract extraterrestrial visitors to the “Horse Capital of the Galaxy.” To do so, they used an infrared laser to send a message into space.The message includes prime numbers, elements of life, and images of horses, humans, and Kentucky’s landscapes. It’s targeted at potential life forms near the TRAPPIST-1 star system, which is 235 trillion miles away, meaning the message will need 40 years to reach its destination.“We think it’s well worth the 235 trillion-mile trip,” tourism officials said.

Title: Muscular 93-Year-Old Man Astonishes
Details: A 93-year-old Irish indoor rowing champion has a physique and heart condition similar to a man in his 30s or 40s. Weighing 165 pounds with 80% muscle, Richard Morgan’s fitness level is exceptional for his age.Because of his incredible health, Morgan is now being studied by scientists who hope to find the keys to longevity. Researchers at the University of Limerick were amazed to find his heart rate reached 153 beats per minute during a 2,000-meter rowing session.Philip Jakemen, a professor who co-wrote the study, said working with Morgan “was one of the most inspiring days I’ve ever spent in the lab.”Morgan's fitness regimen is straightforward and sustainable. He spends about 40 minutes per day on the rowing machine, combining easy, medium, and hard paces. Additionally, he lunges and curls with dumbbells a few times a week and consumes a high-protein diet. Scientists emphasize that in addition to his routine, Morgan’s genes play a large part in his fitness.Morgan started his fitness journey at 73 when he decided on a whim to go to a rowing practice session with one of his grandsons, who was a collegiate rower.

