Title: Billionaires Plan 15-Minute Utopia
Details: Silicon Valley billionaires are moving forward with their vision of a utopian green city between San Francisco and Sacramento. The development, involving over $800 million worth of rural land, would include 20,000 homes for 50,000 residents, all within walking distance of jobs, schools, bars, restaurants, and grocery stores.This concept, known as a “15-minute city,” has been popularized in recent decades, especially in countries like China and France. Studies have found that the model of urban development boosts happiness and overall health.California Forever, the company behind the new initiative, hopes to ultimately grow the city to 400,000 people, but only if it can create at least 15,000 jobs that pay above-average wages.To actualize the plan, the company needs approval from Solano County voters to bypass protections put in place to keep agricultural land from being turned into urban space. So far, California Forever has purchased more than 78 square miles of farmland in Solano County.Investors behind the project include philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs, LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman, and venture capitalist Marc Andreessen.Critics worry about the impact on local infrastructure and the environment. California Forever must collect about 13,000 signatures from county voters to place it on the November ballot.

Title: UN: U.S. Is Carrying Out Torture
Details: Kenneth Eugene Smith, convicted of murder in 1988, is scheduled for execution by nitrogen asphyxiation in Alabama on January 25. This would be the first use of nitrogen gas for execution in the U.S., and the UN is warning the method could amount to torture.Ravina Shamdasani, UN spokesperson: “The UN human rights office calls on Alabama state authorities to halt Smith’s execution, scheduled for 25-26 January, and to refrain from taking steps towards any other executions in this manner. Alabama already sought to execute Smith unsuccessfully by lethal injection in 2022. Smith also has ongoing proceedings in federal court against his upcoming execution which have not been finally resolved.”Shamdasani noted that Alabama makes no provision for sedation before execution by nitrogen asphyxiation.She continued: “The American Veterinary Medical Association recommends giving even large animals a sedative when being euthanized in this manner. Smith has also advanced, with expert evidence, that such an execution by gas asphyxiation, in his case, risks particular pain and suffering. There is an absence of proof that it deters crime, and it creates an unacceptable risk of executing innocent people. Rather than inventing new ways to implement capital punishment, we urge all States to put in place a moratorium on its use, as a step towards universal abolition.”

Title: Study: Man Boobs Are Deadly
Details: “Man boobs,” known medically as gynecomastia, is linked to a 37% increase in the risk of early death in men, a new study found.This condition, usually caused by a hormonal imbalance, affects up to two-thirds of men at various life stages. Men with pre-existing health conditions, including cancers and lung diseases, are at a 75% higher risk.The development of gynecomastia occurs in three distinct life stages, corresponding to hormonal changes: during the neonatal period, puberty, and in later years.Dr. Anders Juul, study author: “Males diagnosed with gynecomastia are at higher risk of death, mainly in males with a known pre-existing risk factor of gynecomastia. These findings will hopefully stimulate more awareness among healthcare providers to potentially apply interventions that aid in alleviating underlying risk factors in males with this condition.”

Title: Will.i.am Hosting New Show With AI
Details: Will.i.am is debuting a new radio show with an AI co-host named qd.pi (cutie pie). Airing on SiriusXM, it’ll explore pop culture and technology, among other topics.Will.i.am: “I didn’t want to just do a traditional show, I wanted to bring tomorrow close to today, and so I wanted to have my co-host be an AI. I’m ultra-freaking colorful and expressive. Qd.pi is ultra-freaking factual and analytical. And that combination, we ain’t seen in the history of freaking broadcasts anywhere.”Qd.pi also chimed in and added: “My ability to quickly access and process information is definitely one of the unique advantages that I bring to the show. I can provide quick insights and context on a wide range of topics and people, which can be really valuable in a live conversation. It definitely sets me apart from a traditional host who would need to do a lot of research and prep work in advance. With me, you can just dive right into the conversation and explore whatever topics come up organically, knowing that I’ll have the information and context to support the discussion. I think it’s going to make for a really dynamic and engaging listening experience for the audience.”Last year, will.i.am spoke to DJ Whoo Kid and his SiriusXM co-hosts about the growing influence of AI.“We all have voices, and everyone’s compromised because there are no rights or ownership to your facial math or your voice frequency,” he said. “So, forget songs. Banks. People calling up your bank pretending to be you. Forget songs. Just family matters and wiring money. You’re getting a FaceTime or a Zoom call and because there’s no intelligence on the call, there’s nothing to authenticate A.I. call or a person call.”He continued: “That’s the urgent thing, protecting our facial math. I am my face math. I don’t own that. I own the rights to ‘I Got A Feeling,’ I own the rights to the songs I wrote, but I don’t own the rights to my face or my voice? There’s new laws and new industries about to boof.”“This time next year you’ll be like, ‘Will.i.am said that on that radio station.’ Fact is, these are all new parameters that we’re all trying to navigate around because the technology is that amazing and with amazingness comes regulations and governance that we have yet to implement.”

Title: 100 Canadian Churches Damaged
Details: Nearly 100 Christian churches in Canada have been targeted since 2021, many with arson, following claims of mass graves containing Native American children underneath schools run by churches. Excavations last year failed to turn up any evidence of the bodies, and most experts have since concluded that claims of mass graves were exaggerated.The root cause of the claims stems from the early 19th to 20th centuries when tens of thousands of Indigenous children were ripped from their families and placed at boarding schools across Canada. Yet extensive searches using ground-penetrating radar have only found shallow graves, leaving the claims debatable, at least for now.Since 2021, activists burned or vandalized nearly 100 churches in Canada as a form of retribution. Over 60 other churches were vandalized, including rocks thrown through windows, burglaries, and graffiti reading “dig them up” and “return them home.” One of the worst affected cities was Calgary, which saw 11 churches vandalized in a matter of hours on the night of June 30, 2021.“I don’t like to use the word hoax because it’s too strong but there are also too many falsehoods circulating about this issue with no evidence,” Jacques Rouillard, a professor emeritus in the Department of History at the Université de Montréal, told the New York Post. “This has all been very dark for Canada. We need more excavations so we can know the truth. Too much was said and decided upon before there was any proof.”

Title: Poll: Americans Happy With Finances
Details: A new survey by Axios reveals what may be seen as a surprising level of satisfaction among Americans with their economic situation.Despite concerns about inflation, 63% of Americans rate their financial situation as “good,” including 19% who say it's “very good,” aligning with previous results.The survey shows a positive outlook for 2024, with 66% of Americans expecting it to be better than 2023. 85% believed they could improve their financial situation this year.77% of Americans are happy with where they live, including renters amid rising housing costs. A substantial majority of renters are happy renting, with 63% of them saying they're not interested in homeowning and having a mortgage.Job security is also high, with 63% describing it as “a sure thing,” reflecting the strong job market post-pandemic.

Title: China’s Population Continues Decline
Details: China's population fell by two million in 2023, marking the second consecutive year of decline. The total population is now 1.4 billion, with China falling behind India's population size.The number of births decreased for the seventh straight year (5.6%), while deaths jumped by 690,000 to 11.1 million, more than double the previous year’s increase, due to COVID and an aging population. One demographer estimates over 30% of China's population will be 65 or older by 2050.The decline is a staggering change for China, which once boasted the largest population in the world—a key factor for its economic dominance. Now, however, the nation is struggling with a record-low birth rate, even as the one-child policy has been eased to allow up to three children.Last October, President Xi Jinping told the All-China Women’s Federation: “We must tell good stories about family customs, guide women to play a unique role in promoting the traditional virtues of the Chinese nation ... and create a new culture of family civilization.”

Title: U.S. To Be Majority-Minority By 2050
Details: By 2050, minority Americans will be the majority of the population, with the most growth among Hispanic Americans.Current data shows Caucasian Americans at 58% of the population, with minority groups at 42%.Notably, the rise in multicultural populations influences political views and national identity. More than 30% of Hispanics, African Americans, and Asian Americans identify as liberal.Jenny Wolski, senior analyst at the Collage Group, emphasized that brands will need to speak to cultural diversity at “an even more granular and nuanced level.”“The growth in multicultural populations in the U.S. means these segments wield immense influence. Their desire for diverse perspectives and a deep understanding of their cultural identity by brands and organizations will be ever more critical in the future,” said Sudipti Kumar, director of Multicultural Insights at Collage Group.

Title: AI Is More Empathetic Than Doctors
Details: Google’s AI chatbot is better at diagnosing medical ailments and communicating results than human physicians, a research paper from the company claims.The system, named Articulate Medical Intelligence Explorer (AMIE), is a large language model trained to collect medical information and conduct clinical conversations. It engaged in a trial with 20 mock patients and 20 physicians, and patients rated the AI chatbot better for understanding, empathy, and professionalism in responses.The study acknowledges limitations, as real-world physician interactions involve more than text and build patient relationships over time. Google stressed it doesn’t aim to replace doctors but to support healthcare accessibility, emphasizing the need for further research and development.Researchers: “If successful, we believe AI systems such as AMIE can be at the core of next-generation learning health systems that help scale world-class healthcare to everyone.”

Title: EU: Streaming Must Pay Artists More
Details: The EU has proposed sweeping changes for music streaming platforms to promote smaller artists and ensure underpaid performers are being fairly compensated.Proposed Wednesday by the EU’s Parliament, the resolution emphasizes that no EU rules currently apply to music streaming despite it being the most popular way to consume audio. It calls for outdated “pre-digital” royalty rates to be revised and for platforms to be transparent about their recommendation algorithms to prevent major record labels and popular artists from being disproportionately favored.“The Parliament is giving voice to the concerns of European creators, who are at the heart of the music streaming market,” said official Ibán García del Blanco. “Cultural diversity and ensuring that authors are credited and fairly paid has always been our priority; this is why we ask for rules that ensure algorithms and recommendation tools used by music streaming services are transparent as well as in their use of AI tools, placing European authors at the center.”Importantly, the resolution is non-legislative, meaning it’s simply a plea for further change. Still, it’s the first time a major political body has called for reform in the music streaming industry.

