Title: Lost Picasso Art Found After 14 Years
Details: Two stolen paintings by Picasso and Chagall, taken in 2010, have been recovered by police in Antwerp.Picasso’s portrait “Tête” (1971) and Chagall's “L’homme en prière” (1970), depicting a man praying, were found in good condition in their original frames.The artworks, valued at nearly $1 million, were stolen from a Tel Aviv art collector’s house.Authorities were tipped off that a Belgian citizen was offering the paintings for sale. A 68-year-old Israeli watch dealer was investigated, leading to the recovery of the paintings, but $680,000 worth of stolen jewelry remains missing.Belgian authorities said in the statement: “The checks and police resources implemented during 2023 made it possible to establish that the suspect was indeed in possession of the works sought and that he could have them at his home or at the home of one of his relations. Although confessing to possessing the paintings, the suspect refused to communicate where he had stored them.”

Title: 100,000 Kids Harassed On IG Each Day
Details: Meta employees went into a panic in 2020 after being confronted by an Apple executive whose child was “solicited” on Instagram, according to newly revealed details of a lawsuit.New Mexico's civil lawsuit alleges Meta's platforms expose minors to sexual predators and adult content. The complaint also alleged that Meta “knew about the huge volume of inappropriate content being shared between adults and minors they did not know.” The suit cited an internal 2021 presentation that “100,000 children per day received online sexual harassment, such as pictures of adult genitalia.”In 2021, Meta began restricting adults 19 and older from sending private messages to teen users who don’t follow them.In one internal chat from July 2020, a Meta employee reportedly asked, “what specifically are we doing for child grooming (something I just heard about that is happening a lot on TikTok)?” Another employee responded, “somewhere between zero and negligible” and added that “child safety is an explicit non-goal this half.”Raul Torrez, New Mexico Attorney General: “For years, Meta employees tried to sound the alarm about how decisions made by Meta executives subjected children to dangerous solicitations and sexual exploitation.”A Meta spokesperson said the company has spent “a decade working on these issues and hiring people who have dedicated their careers to keeping young people safe and supported online.”“The complaint mischaracterizes our work using selective quotes and cherry-picked documents,” the Meta spokesperson said in a statement.

Title: Argentina’s Prez Slams Global Elite
Details: Argentina's President Javier Milei criticized global elites at the World Economic Forum for promoting socialism over capitalism.Milei, a self-described anarcho-capitalist, chastised CEOs and world leaders who have “abandoned the model of freedom for different versions of what we call collectivism” during his speech at the annual gathering in Davos, Switzerland.Javier Milei: “Today, I’m here to tell you that the Western world is in danger. And it is in danger because those who are supposed to have to defend the values of the West are co-opted by a vision of the world that inexorably leads to socialism, and thereby to poverty. Socialism is a phenomenon that creates poverty. Free enterprise capitalism is the only tool we have to end hunger and poverty.”Argentina, Latin America’s third-largest country, has been plagued by an annual inflation rate of 211%, the highest level in more than three decades.Elon Musk called Milei's speech a “good explanation of what makes countries more or less prosperous.”Republican commentator Paul Szypula: “Javier Milei drops truth bombs just like Trump. Gotta love it and what it means at the very least for the people of Argentina.”

Title: Sheryl Sandberg Leaving Facebook
Details: Meta Platforms’ former Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg announced she will leave the company's board when her term ends in May.In a Facebook post, Sandberg said, “Meta business is strong and well-positioned for the future, so this feels like the right time to step away.”Meta CEO Mark Zuckerberg said he looks forward to “a new chapter together.”Sandberg served as COO for over 14 years and on the board for 12 years. Sandberg stepped down from her position as Meta's operations chief in 2022.She was the lead architect in developing Meta's ads-based business model and defended the company amid controversies.Before joining Facebook, Sandberg was vice president of Global Online Sales and Operations at Google and chief of staff for the United States Treasury Department under former President Bill Clinton.

Title: Netanyahu Opposes Palestinian State
Details: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has declared his opposition to the establishment of a Palestinian state as part of any postwar scenario.The U.S. has called on Israel to scale back its offensive and said that the establishment of a Palestinian state should be part of the “day after.”Benjamin Netanyahu: “In any future arrangement … Israel needs security control all territory west of the Jordan. This collides with the idea of sovereignty. What can you do? The prime minister needs to be capable of saying no to our friends.”

Title: Study: Vaping Safe For Pregnant Women
Details: A new study suggests vaping could be a safer option for pregnant smokers.The team of researchers found that, after their first trimester, pregnant women who used nicotine patches or e-cigarettes gave birth to babies with birth weights no different from non-smokers and birth weights “significantly higher” than those who smoked during pregnancy.Professor Peter Hajek, Queen Mary University of London: “E-cigarettes helped pregnant smokers quit without posing any detectable risks to pregnancy compared with stopping smoking without further nicotine use. Using nicotine-containing aids to stop smoking in pregnancy thus appears safe. The harms to pregnancy from smoking, in late pregnancy at least, seem to be due to other chemicals in tobacco smoke rather than nicotine.”This latest study compared pregnancy outcomes of 1,140 smokers from 23 English hospitals and one Scottish stop-smoking service who wanted help quitting and were not currently using other nicotine products.

Title: News Business Sees Major Losses
Details: Billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Marc Benioff who bought major news outlets are facing financial challenges in the industry.The Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, and Time magazine, despite heavy investment, reported losses last year.Ann Marie Lipinski, Nieman Foundation for Journalism, Harvard University: “Wealth doesn’t insulate an owner from the serious challenges plaguing many media companies, and it turns out being a billionaire isn’t a predictor for solving those problems. We’ve seen a lot of naïve hope attached to these owners, often from employees.”Ken Doctor, media analyst: “These vitally important news publications still find themselves ‘transitioning’ from print to digital — with major ongoing legacy business costs — as they build brick by brick a mainly digital future. The very rich find it very difficult to lose money year over year, even if they can afford it.”

Title: Trump Jr: Tucker Carlson Possibly VP
Details: In a Newsmax interview, Donald Trump Jr. discussed the possibility of Tucker Carlson being his father's vice presidential pick. Other potential candidates mentioned were Ron DeSantis, J.D. Vance, and Ben Carson.Newsmax anchor Rob Finnerty: “Don, is your dad serious about Tucker Carlson? Are those rumors serious?”Don Jr. said: “That clearly would be on the table, right? I mean they’re very friendly, I think they agree on virtually all of these things. They certainly agree on stopping the never-ending wars. And so, I would love to see that happen. That would certainly be a contender. You need someone who’s in alignment, as well as, like, aggressive. You actually need a fighter. The Republicans in Washington, D.C., are weak. You can have the House, the Senate, and they’ll still roll over. I would do whatever I could to make sure it wasn’t Nikki Haley! That’s my opinion, I don’t make these decisions. I’ve been pretty involved in the political game for quite some time and I think, you know, more importantly, I live with the base. I hang out with the base, those are my people, those are my friends.”

Title: Electric Car Drivers Keep Crashing
Details: Hertz is replacing 20,000 electric cars in its fleet with gasoline vehicles due to high crash rates.LexisNexis Risk Solutions found that drivers switching to electric vehicles tend to crash more, with insurance claims rising by 14.3%. The increase in incidents is highest during the first year after drivers get the new electric vehicle but then tapers off after that.The issue is most pronounced with Teslas, which make up 80% of Hertz's EV fleet.Rapid acceleration and silent operation of EVs contribute to higher crash rates, as drivers may be less aware of how fast they’re going.Xiaohui Lu, LexisNexis Risk Solutions: “Most drivers are trained in driving [internal combustion] vehicles and they’re applying the habitual amount of pressure on the driving pedal but the behavior is very different, particularly in low-speed zones.”

Title: Humans Are Living Longer Than Ever
Details: Worldwide, human longevity is on the rise and the gap between male and female life expectancy is narrowing.Researchers at Spain’s Universidad de Alcalá predict these trends will continue, with significant improvements especially noted in Africa.Although men's lifespans are improving, they are unlikely to surpass women's due to genetic factors related to the Y chromosome.Professor David Atance, lead author: “This fact clearly presents the growth in the aging processes around the world during the last 30 years. Even the best-performing high-income countries continue to grow, although these improvements slowed over time.”

