Title: Doomsday Bunker Goes For Sale
Details: A 10,000-square-foot bunker in Polo, Missouri, is now on the market, priced at $2 million. “It has 2.5 foot thick concrete walls, EMP-resistant copper shielding, and two 3,000 pound blast doors,” according to the account that posted the listing on Zillow.“In an era where even technology titans are grabbing headlines for their investments in personal safety, such as his end-of-the-world bunker, this property emerges as a true testament to visionary planning,” the listing said.Other features include a private water well, a 10,000-gallon water storage tank, a gym, a soundproof music studio with recording studios, and a theater room with a pool table. It’s located just 35 minutes from Kansas City.In December, the concept of a doomsday bunker was sparked amid reports that Mark Zuckerberg was building a sprawling, $100 million compound in Hawaii that will include a 5,000-square-foot underground bunker.

Title: AI Girlfriend Makes $30K A Month
Details: Lexi Love, an AI virtual girlfriend, has gained significant attention online, quickly bringing in $30,000 a month. According to Forbes, the average American salary is $59,428.Lexi is the brainchild of the company Foxy AI, whose website hosts her chatbot. She receives up to 20 marriage proposals each month and can speak over 30 languages. Users are required to pay to see exclusive “naughty photos” of her and to receive customized texts and “voice messages.”Foxy AI CEO Sam Emara has remarked that “Lexi is breaking barriers and changing the way we interact with AI. With her growing popularity, Lexi has become a lucrative source of income, currently earning around $30,000 per month from her interactions on the website. This is a testament to her ability to deeply connect with people and provide them with a fulfilling human-like experience, despite being an AI.”According to the site, she’s a 21-year-old whose hobbies include “pole dancing, yoga, and beach volleyball,” and her turn-ons are “oral and public sex.” The company noted that it designed her to be the “perfect girlfriend for many men” with “flawless features and impeccable style.”

Title: Ex-NASA Chief: Moon Landing Will Fail
Details: A former NASA administrator is criticizing NASA's plan to return humans to the moon, calling it too convoluted and expensive.Michael Griffin, who served under the Bush administration in the mid-2000s, told the House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee: “I will be direct. In my judgment, the Artemis Program is excessively complex, unrealistically priced, compromises crew safety, poses very high mission risk of completion, and is highly unlikely to be completed in a timely manner even if successful.”He suggested that NASA should restart its Moon program without commercial partners and be simplified. In contrast, NASA's current plan is multifaceted and involves a SpaceX Starship that meets with an Orion spacecraft in lunar orbit to deliver the crew to their destination.Griffin’s comments come just days after NASA announced it had delayed its astronaut moon landing, the first in over five decades, until at least 2026. The journey had previously been slated for 2025.

Title: Texas Defies Biden's Border Demand
Details: Texas is refusing to comply with a cease-and-desist letter from the Biden administration over actions the state has taken to prevent illegal immigration across the southern border. The White House says these actions have impeded U.S. Border Patrol agents from accessing part of the border with Mexico.In a letter to the Department of Homeland Security, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton rejected the Biden administration’s request for the state to “cease and desist” its takeover of Shelby Park, an epicenter of southwest border illegal immigration in Eagle Pass.Paxton stated: “Because the facts and law side with Texas, the State will continue utilizing its constitutional authority to defend her territory, and I will continue defending those lawful efforts in court. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security should stop wasting scarce time and resources suing Texas, and start enforcing the immigration laws Congress already has on the books.”Officials from the Department of Homeland Security said Saturday that a woman and two children drowned in the Rio Grande after Border Patrol agents “were physically barred by Texas officials from entering the area” under orders from Republican Governor Greg Abbott.In Wednesday's letter, Paxton said any suggestion the state was responsible for the deaths “is vile and, as you now should be aware, completely inaccurate.”This development comes amid an increasingly bitter dispute between the Lone Star state and the White House. In December, the Biden administration warned Texas it would sue if the state implemented a law that would empower state and local law enforcement officials to arrest, jail, and prosecute migrants suspected of entering the U.S. unlawfully.

Title: Snoop Declined $100M From OnlyFans
Details: Snoop Dogg received an offer from OnlyFans to create content and make a substantial amount of money but chose to turn it down.On the Wake & Bake with Double S Express Instagram show, Snoop revealed the offer: “They got at me when one of them little girls made like $20M on there. They were like, ‘OnlyFans wants you to come on there, Snoop! You could do about $100 million. All you gotta do is pull that thang out.’”Snoop continued: “I’m like, ‘I got a black wife. Ain’t no way in the world she gonna allow me to go on there and pull that thang out for no amount of money.’”It’s clear there’s only one type of green Snoop cares about it, and it’s not like you can go about smoking $100 million.

Title: Israel Among Top Jailers Of Reporters
Details: For the first time, Israel has been named by the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) as one of the “worst jailers of journalists,” putting it on par with Iran.Israel is in sixth place after the CPJ recorded 17 Palestinian journalists in its jails in December. The country is now believed to be holding 19.Jodie Ginsberg, CPJ’s chief executive: “Israel’s standing in CPJ’s 2023 prison census is evidence that a fundamental democratic norm—press freedom—is fraying as Israel exploits draconian methods to silence Palestinian journalists. This practice must stop.”The worst jailers of journalists were China and Myanmar, which each imprisoned more than 40 journalists in 2023. They were followed by Belarus, Russia, and Vietnam.

Title: Latin America Embracing Witchcraft
Details: A form of witchcraft is experiencing a revival in Latin America, and U.S. Latinos are reclaiming the once-taboo traditions to connect with their roots.Known as brujería, the witchcraft variant encompasses many types of practices and beliefs, ranging from rituals like limpias (a spiritual cleansing ceremony) to folk religions like santería. During colonial times, the rituals were shunned as part of a clampdown on non-church-sanctioned activities, but they have since seen a comeback thanks to social media.Eric J. Labrado, owner of a witch shop in Austin, Texas: “Brujería just opens up a lot of doorways to get back to our roots, feel more connected to them.”Lorraine Monteagut, who conducts tarot workshops in Florida, notes the role of social media and Gen Z in popularizing brujería: “We're in this mode of discovery of the many kinds of traditions and iterations of practices, and we are connecting and sharing with each other what used to be kept hush-hush or was maybe necessarily a secret.”

Title: Art Dealer Found Dead In Apartment
Details: A prominent New York City art dealer was found stabbed to death in his apartment in Brazil.75-year-old Brent Sikkema owned Sikkema Jenkins & Co., a contemporary art gallery in New York. At the time of Sikkema’s death, the gallery represented well-known artists like Sheila Hicks and Kara Walker.An unidentified suspect was seen leaving his Rio de Janeiro residence with cash after stopping by for about 15 minutes. Authorities were called to Sikkema’s apartment by his lawyer, who said that she went over to check on Sikkema after not hearing from him over the weekend.“Officers will listen to witnesses, are looking for more information, and are carrying out other inquiries to shed light on the case,” police said.Sikkema Jenkins & Co. confirmed the dealer’s death in a statement on its website. “It is with great sadness that the gallery announces the passing of our beloved founder, Brent Sikkema,” the tribute read.

Title: Madonna Sued For Late Concerts
Details: Madonna is facing a lawsuit for “false advertising” due to concerts starting two hours late during her “Celebration” tour.The class-action suit claims she started performances around 10:30PM instead of the scheduled 8:30PM. The plaintiffs say the late starts constitute a “wanton exercise in false advertising, negligent misrepresentation, and unfair and deceptive trade practices.”A source close to Madonna attributed the lateness to technical issues during sound checks.Despite the lawsuit, the star continues her tour, celebrating four decades in the music industry. The tour is especially monumental as it comes after she overcame a “serious” bacterial infection that had her hospitalized and unconscious last summer.

Title: ‘Polar Express 2’ In The Works
Details: The sequel to the Christmas classic “Polar Express” is being “worked out,” according to producer Gary Goetzman, who worked on the original with Tom Hanks two decades ago.Goetzman broke the news during an interview. He listed some sequels he wishes to produce, such as ‘Mamma Mia 3,’ and then added: “But that is trying to be worked out now, for sure, ‘Polar 2.’ Yes.”“The Polar Express” is celebrated for its innovative digital capture style, producing a highly realistic animation style at the time, although some viewers find the film to enter uncanny valley territory.

