Title: Human Remains To Burn In Outer Space
Details: A lander carrying over 70 deceased individuals’ remains was intended to land on the Moon. The system failed, and the remains are now expected to burn up during re-entry into the Earth’s atmosphere.The participants were in capsules that were set to “remain on the lunar surface as a permanent tribute to the intrepid souls who never stopped reaching for the stars,” Astrobotic Technology, which operated the lander, said on its website. But once a critical issue with the propulsion system became evident, Astrobotic “made the difficult decision to maintain the current spacecraft’s trajectory to re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere.”Several “memorial spacecraft companies” were involved in the mission. One of them, Celestis, sells so-called memorial flights that start at $4,995.Family members of the deceased were in a social media group, and one woman remarked following the news of the mission failure that their loved ones would still be among “the earliest adventurers to leave our lonely planet.”Not everyone was supportive of the mission. The Navajo Nation, which views the Moon as sacred, said placing the remains there was “tantamount to desecration.” In response to the objections in December, NASA apologized and committed to consulting with Native Americans “if we ever discuss doing something like this again.”

Title: Pitchfork Merging With GQ
Details: Pitchfork, the digital music publication, is merging with GQ, leading to layoffs at the outlet that called itself “the most trusted voice in music.”Condé Nast, which owns GQ, said it seeks the “best path forward” for Pitchfork. The editor-in-chief of Pitchfork and several high-level staffers, including its features editor, were among those laid off.Anna Wintour, Condé Nast’s chief content officer and global editorial director of Vogue, announced the changes: “Today we are evolving our Pitchfork team structure by bringing the team into the GQ organization. This decision was made after a careful evaluation of Pitchfork’s performance and what we believe is the best path forward for the brand so that our coverage of music can continue to thrive within the company.”According to Wintour, “Both Pitchfork and GQ have unique and valuable ways that they approach music journalism, and we are excited for the new possibilities together.” She added with the organizational changes, “some of our Pitchfork colleagues will be leaving the company today.”

Title: Jamie Dimon: Respect MAGA
Details: JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon praised Trump's record and urged Democrats to respect his supporters, warning that negative talk about them could harm Biden's re-election campaign.“I wish the Democrats would think a little more carefully when they talk about MAGA,” Dimon said on CNBC while attending the World Economic Forum’s annual meeting. “I think this negative talk about MAGA is going to hurt Biden’s election campaign.”He added that Democrats “are basically scapegoating them, [saying] that you are like him. I don’t think they’re voting for Trump because of his family values.”Despite his donations to Democrat candidates, Dimon has previously stated he is “barely a Democrat.”Dimon is the latest high-profile voice to sound caution on Biden’s re-election prospects. Earlier this month, The Washington Post reported that former President Obama appeared “animated” in conversations with Biden, urging the current president to bolster his campaign. “He cited Trump’s intensely loyal following, a Trump-friendly conservative media ecosystem, and a polarized country as advantages for the former president in 2024,” The Post wrote.President Obama’s wife, Michelle, has similarly expressed concerns, saying during an interview this month that she is “terrified about what could possibly happen” in this year’s election.

Title: Global Support For Israel Plummets
Details: A new study reveals a significant drop in global support for Israel since the war in Gaza began.Net favorability—the percentage of people viewing Israel positively after subtracting the percentage viewing it negatively—decreased by an average of 18.5 percentage points across 42 out of 43 countries surveyed, Morning Consult found. China, South Africa, Brazil, and several other countries in Latin America all went from viewing Israel positively to negatively.Despite a global shift, the U.S. remains the only wealthy country with a net positive view of Israel. This may have consequences, the study warns: Muslim-majority countries like Egypt and Saudi Arabia now view the U.S. negatively.Sonnet Frisbie, deputy head of political intelligence at Morning Consult: “The data shows just how tough of a road Israel has right now in the international community. A lot of cooperation between Gulf leaders and Israel has been done with Gulf leaders carefully messaging to their domestic populations and tiptoeing around public opinion. I think this gives this a lot less space to do that.”

Title: Coca-Cola: Ozempic Not A Threat
Details: The CEO of Coca-Cola is downplaying the impact that weight loss drugs like Ozempic have on his company.James Quincey emphasized in an interview that in almost every category, his company has products without calories and sugar. “We already have the products” to respond to shifts in behavior, he noted.“When you break down the data, I do not think it is a big thing for us,” he said. “If you want to make it super simple, we sell a range of beverages. At the end of the day, you can eat less calories. You cannot have less liquid.”As for the original sugary sweet Coke beverage, Quincey said, “I think it will continue to be a big part of the business.”Coca-Cola isn’t the first company to discuss the impact of the drugs. Walmart said last October that users of weight loss drugs are buying less food, citing anonymized data.

Title: Spotify Calls Apple Fees ‘Outrageous’
Details: Apple announced yesterday that it would allow app developers to sell products without using its App Store—but only if they paid transaction fees of up to 27%. Spotify called the commission “outrageous,” accusing Apple of protecting profits at the expense of developers and consumers.These fees were introduced as a result of an ongoing Apple legal battle. A court found that the company acted against U.S. competition laws by not allowing app developers to utilize other methods of payment, including links that bypass Apple’s own App Store, which charges a 30% fee to use.As a result, Apple has introduced a new set of rules in the U.S. that will allow people to subscribe to services without using its system, but it will charge developers up to a 27% commission to do so.Spotify said in a statement: “Once again, Apple has demonstrated that they will stop at nothing to protect the profits they exact on the backs of developers and consumers under their app store monopoly.”Spotify has a history of attacking Apple over its fees. In October 2023, it accused Apple of having an "insane" level of control over the internet.

Title: Researchers: Google Is Getting Worse
Details: Researchers have confirmed a drop in quality in Google search results due to content being flooded by websites gaming the algorithm and using affiliate links.The study reviewed 7,392 product review queries on Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo. “We can conclude that higher-ranked pages are on average more optimized, more monetized with affiliate marketing, and they show signs of lower text quality,” the researchers wrote.In other words, the more loaded with affiliate links and algorithm-gaming strategies a page is, the worse it gets. Those pages are everywhere, so results are generally getting worse. This issue is exacerbated by the rise of generative AI, further flooding the internet with low-quality content.The finding is the latest development in users noticing the quality of online content has deteriorated. They point out that posting online was once motivated purely by joy, and thus the content was authentic, original, and meaningful—that all changed when profit became the ultimate goal.

Title: Award-Winning Book Used AI
Details: The winner of Japan’s most prestigious literary award has admitted to using ChatGPT in writing her novel. A judge described the novel as being “almost flawless” and “universally enjoyable.”“I made active use of generative AI like ChatGPT in writing this book,” author Rie Kudan told the ceremony. “I would say about 5% of the book quoted verbatim the sentences generated by AI.”Going forward, she said she wants to keep “good relationships” with AI and “unleash my creativity” in co-existence with it.Naturally, this has sparked debates online. One user wrote on X: “So she wrote the book by deftly using AI… Is that talented or not? I don't know.”Set in a futuristic Tokyo, the book, “Tokyo-to Dojo-to,” revolves around a high-rise prison tower and its architect's intolerance of criminals, with AI a recurring theme.

Title: Study: Men Are Better Navigators
Details: A new study has found that men are better navigators than women.Researchers concluded this after observing how far each gender across 21 species traveled from their home base through observation, trapping, or radio-tracking. The study indicated a male advantage in navigation in several species, including humans.For observing humans, researchers used virtual or real-world mazes to measure how long it took to navigate through new environments to a specific location. The research team determined that boys’ early experiences with wayfinding are likely the reason for their enhanced directional skills versus those of girls.The researchers claimed that the difference was not due to evolution. “Sex differences in behavior or performance can arise from biological or cultural processes that have little to do with evolution,” the study concluded.Justin Rhodes, professor at the University of Illinois: “It is pretty obvious to me that the human sex difference is a result of culture and not evolution.”

Title: Abramovic Selling ‘Immunity Drops’
Details: Performance artist Marina Abramovic has launched a wellness brand, “The Marina Abramovic Longevity Method,” which she says holds the keys to a longer life.The product line includes $125 garlic “immunity drops,” a $250 face lotion made from white bread and white wine, grape and cranberry “energy drops,” and a Himalayan mineral potion.Abramovic’s switch to the wellness industry follows her struggle with Lyme disease and her holistic approach to health. She insists the products are legitimate: “I don't lie, I don’t compromise, what you see is what you get, and what you get is pure truth. This is credibility.”Abramovic admits to never drinking, smoking, or taking drugs, and also credits her younger lover for her vitality. “I have a lover who is 21 years younger,” she pointed out to an interviewer.

