Title: S&P 500 Jumps To All-Time High
Details: U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with the S&P 500 breaking its previous record close from January 2022, gaining 1.23% to reach 4,839.81.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose around 395 points, or 1.05%, closing at 37,863.80, while the Nasdaq Composite advanced 1.70%, ending the session at 15,310.97.Despite the overall stock market rally, Bitcoin is still heading for a weekly loss, down 4% despite a 2% increase on Friday to $41,763.87.Market analyst Ryan Rasmussen: “Positive consumer sentiment and slowing inflation helped fuel the rally in risk-on assets. Investors generally view crypto investments as similar to tech and risk-on investments, so crypto riding this rally makes sense.”

Title: Sports Illustrated Fires Most Staff
Details: Sports Illustrated's staff has been informed of imminent “mass layoffs” due to Authentic Brands Group revoking the publication’s license. Arena Group, the current publisher, missed a $2.8 million payment three weeks ago, prompting this action.Last year, Sports Illustrated's reputation was questioned for using AI to write stories. Reports emerged that some articles were written under pseudonyms, with no real authors behind them.Arena Group in an email: “We were notified by ABG that the license under which the Arena Group operates the Sports Illustrated brand and SI related properties has been officially revoked by ABG. As a result of this license revocation, we will be laying off staff that work on the SI brand. Some employees will be terminated immediately, and paid in lieu of the applicable notice period under the [the union contract]. Employees with a last working day of today will be contacted by the People team soon. Other employees will be expected to work through the end of the notice period, and will receive additional information shortly.”The Sports Illustrated Union: “This is another difficult day in what has been a difficult four years for Sports Illustrated under Arena Group (previously The Maven) stewardship. We are calling on ABG to ensure the continued publication of SI and allow it to serve our audience in the way it has for nearly 70 years.”Mitch Goldich, NFL editor and unit chair, added: “We have fought together as a union to maintain the standard of this storied publication that we love, and to make sure our workers are treated fairly for the value they bring to this company. It is a fight we will continue.”

Title: Michael Jackson Biopic To Star Nephew
Details: The first image has been released from the upcoming Michael Jackson biopic.The film’s star, Jaafar Jackson, posted the photo on his Instagram page Friday.The black-and-white shot from the biopic shows Jaafar Jackson performing the music icon’s signature, gravity-defying, toe-standing move while wearing a black fedora. The actor is also the singer’s nephew.The biopic’s official description reads: “Michael will bring audiences a riveting and honest portrayal of the brilliant yet complicated man who became the King of Pop. The film presents his triumphs and tragedies on an epic, cinematic scale — from his human side and personal struggles to his undeniable creative genius, exemplified by his most iconic performances. As never before, audiences will experience an inside look into one of the most influential, trailblazing artists the world has ever known.”

Title: Analysts: WW3 ‘Has Already Begun’
Details: At the Foreign Strategy conference in London, experts issued a stark warning, suggesting the Ukraine war could mark the beginning of World War Three, with peace unlikely for decades.Taras Kuzio, Professor of Political Science: “War would have been over if Biden didn't push for his ‘drip-drip’ policy on military aid to Ukraine - same as Macron. This is not just a war about Ukraine; the foundation of this war is that Ukraine doesn't exist.” Kuzio's alarming statement continued, claiming that Russia and Iran share the goal of eradicating Ukraine and Israel ‘from the face of the earth.” He added that these countries perceive themselves to be at war, while Western governments, particularly the Biden administration, are seemingly oblivious. “For them, World War Three has already begun,” Kuzio added.Alexander Osovtsov, a Russian political veteran: “It's one war, not two different wars - two pieces of one war - one war of one bloc, the bloc of aggressive dictatorships, Russia, Iran and their proxies.”Vladimir Socor, a Romanian-American political analyst: “There will be no state of peace. Ukraine will be granted consolation prizes - the war will continue without end,” predicting a de-facto partition of Ukraine leading to Russian victory.

Title: Mansion Squatters Stir Beverly Hills
Details: A $4.3 million mansion in Beverly Hills has been overrun by “squatters” hosting disruptive rave parties. These parties, two doors down from LeBron James's new home, often begin at 2AM and continue for hours, leading to numerous disturbances including assaults, fires, and arrests.The squatters are also reportedly renting out rooms in the mansion online for $300 per night and charging $75 for party entry fees.Despite claims of being valid tenants, the homeowner and property agent have denied any rental agreements with the squatters.Police efforts to control the situation have been hampered, as the squatters have managed to obtain driver's licenses using the mansion's address.LeBron James's house manager: “I've heard from my security team up there about all the crazy cars, crazy parties at night, how we're not able to get into our property sometimes because they're blocking the street with their cars, and just the nuisance at night with the loud music and people floating out to the streets. It's one of the reasons we have security 24/7. Otherwise there's no need for me to have security there 24/7 because it's just a construction site.”Rick Rankin, neighbor: “The officers told me the house was trashed. It's like they're hoarders. The garage is full of s**t. Young women have been seen coming and going in and out of the house at all hours. When people leave they're stumbling. You know when someone's high. It's not a drunken thing. They're jittery, nervous, eyes spinning. One night they had a party I went around and there were at least 50 cars. These are one-way, narrow streets, but they just plop their cars down and get out.”

Title: Sweden Embraces Smokeless Tobacco
Details: Sweden has the lowest smoking rate in Europe, with only 5.6% of the population smoking cigarettes, due in part to the use of snus, a type of smokeless tobacco.Snus is a nicotine-filled pouch resembling tiny teabags that users stuff under their upper lip and has been popular in Sweden for over 200 years. Traditional snus is made with moistened tobacco that’s been pasteurized and flavored.The use of snus has sparked debate on whether such products normalize addictive behavior. Some citizens think it is a reason for the country's decline in smoking. In Sweden, about 14% of the population uses it regularly. This has coincided with a significant drop in smoking rates since 2004.“Snus is not a health product,” says Anders Milton, the former head of the World Medical Association, who now chairs the Snus Commission, a research organization funded by snus makers. But again, he says, it “does not give you cancer.”“The available scientific evidence, including long-term epidemiological studies, shows that relative to cigarette smoking, exclusive use of these specific smokeless tobacco products poses lower risk of mouth cancer, heart disease, lung cancer, stroke, emphysema, and chronic bronchitis,” the FDA wrote in its decision. It also stressed that, as all tobacco products are potentially harmful, the ruling doesn’t mean snus is “FDA approved.”

Title: Alec Baldwin Charged Again
Details: Alec Baldwin was indicted on involuntary manslaughter charges by a grand jury in New Mexico for the fatal shooting on the “Rust” film set two years ago.This indictment comes a year after the initial charge was announced and later dismissed. A new prosecution team decided to present the case to a grand jury.The indictment charged Mr. Baldwin with two different counts of involuntary manslaughter, but he can only be convicted of one. The more serious one, a felony, accuses him of “total disregard or indifference for the safety of others,” while the other accuses him of the negligent use of a firearm.In New Mexico, an involuntary manslaughter conviction like Baldwin's charge can lead to up to 18 months in prison.Baldwin said in a television interview a month after the shooting: “Someone put a live bullet in a gun, a bullet that wasn’t even supposed to be on the property. Someone is ​responsible for what happened, and I can’t say who that is, but I know it’s not me.”Earlier this week, Baldwin put his 10,000-square-foot home in the Hamptons on the market for $19 million, appearing in a real estate advertisement for the property.

Title: Silicon Valley Funding Biden Opponent
Details: Long-shot Democrat presidential candidate Dean Phillips criticizes Biden's leadership while using AI in his campaign to engage with voters.A super PAC, backed by Silicon Valley insiders and Bill Ackman, launched Dean.Bot, an AI tool mimicking Phillips's voice. The PAC has already raised $4 million to target New Hampshire voters with short videos online.AI Dean Phillips: “While I respect President Biden, the data and conversations with Americans across the country indicates a strong desire for change.”Paul Barrett, Deputy Director, NYU Stern Center for Business and Human Rights: “I see this as a Pandora’s box problem... Once we have AI versions of candidates chatting up voters, it’s a short step to bots used by political opponents to fool voters into thinking that politicians are saying things they never said. And soon, everyone gets so cynical about all of this fake communication that no one believes anything anyone is saying.”Jed McCaleb, donor: “Part of why I’m doing this is that I’m very disappointed in the Democratic Party.”

Title: School Rejoices After Banning Phones
Details: A boarding school in Massachusetts experimented with banning smartphones on campus, replacing them with “dumb” phones. Even the head of the school, Peter Beck, says he gave up his iPhone for a Light Phone and installed an old GPS in his car for when he needs to go out into the world. He’s thrilled with how the first year has gone.“People are engaging in the lounges. They are lingering after class to chat,” said Beck, who estimates that he’s now having more conversations than ever at the school. “All these face-to-face interactions, the frequency has gone through the roof.”This move comes after a school district survey in Virginia found that about a third of teachers were telling students to put away their phones five to 10 times a class, and 14.7% did so more than 20 times a class. Another survey of a Canadian middle school’s staff found nearly two-thirds believed the devices were adversely affecting academic performance.Mark McLaughlin, a high school math teacher teacher in Oregon. “The worst part of my job is being the cellphone police.”

Title: 4,000-Year-Old Tomb Discovered
Details: Remains of a Bronze Age tomb, thought to be lost, were discovered along the Atlantic coast in County Kerry, Ireland.The tomb, known locally as Altóir na Gréine (Sun Altar), is believed to be around 4,000 years old. It was last sketched in 1838 by Georgiana Chatterton but is thought to have disappeared in the mid-19th century.Folklorist Billy Mag Fhloinn, while working on an archaeological mapping project, recorded a stone that matched one from Chatterton's Victorian-era sketch. This led to the identification of the site.Archaeologist Caimin O’Brien confirmed the stone belonged to a wedge tomb used for ceremonies and burial.A quarter of the original tomb remains at the site, including a capstone and several large upright stones. The site will now be added to Ireland's national monument database and it is still unclear why the tomb was dismantled.

