Title: Heiress Giving Away $27M Fortune
Details: An Austrian heiress who inherited a $27 million fortune from her grandmother has decided to randomly invite 50 people to tell her where to donate the fortune.A total of 10,000 invitations began arriving in randomly selected Austrian citizens' mailboxes on Wednesday, asking them to join the “Good Council for Redistribution” to decide how to use Marlene Engelhorn’s inheritance for societal benefit.“I have inherited a fortune, and therefore power, without having done anything for it. And the state doesn't even want taxes on it. If politicians don’t do their job and redistribute, then I have to redistribute my wealth myself,” Engelhorn said in a statement.“Many people struggle to make ends meet with a full-time job and pay taxes on every euro they earn from work. I see this as a failure of politics, and if politics fails, then the citizens have to deal with it themselves. I have no veto rights. I am putting my assets at the disposal of these 50 people and placing my trust in them.”The council will hold a series of meetings from March to June of this year alongside academics and civil society organizations. To top it all off, each participant will receive €1,200 ($1,305) every weekend of attendance.Engelhorn is a descendant of Friedrich Engelhorn, the founder of BASF, a German chemical and pharmaceutical company. In 2022, Forbes valued Engelhorn’s grandmother’s net worth as $4.2 billion before her death.

Title: Another Boeing Flight Suffers Failure
Details: A Boeing 747 cargo plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Miami after an engine malfunctioned shortly after takeoff, producing a trail of flames. The incident occurred late Thursday night and was captured on cellphone video.The Federal Aviation Administration is already investigating Boeing after the door plug of an Alaska Airlines flight was ejected mid-flight earlier this month, forcing an emergency landing. The agency said in a statement that it will also look into the latest incident.Speaking to employees after the Alaska Airlines failure, Boeing CEO Dave Calhoun fought back tears as he said, “We’re going to approach this—No. 1—acknowledging our mistake. We’re going to approach it with 100% and complete transparency every step of the way.”

Title: Japan Overwhelmed By Egg-Freezing
Details: Tokyo thought 200 women would apply for its new egg-freezing subsidies. More than 1,800 have.The program aims to combat the country’s record-low birth rate, offering ¥300,000 ($2,023) toward egg-freezing costs. Over 7,000 women have registered for information sessions about the subsidy since its introduction, surprising officials.Since October, 1,800 women have applied for the program, indicating a strong demand for fertility support. The government estimated demand would be far lower, budgeting ¥60 million ($400,000) for subsidies, enough to compensate 200 women. Tokyo’s mayor said the city plans to increase the budget significantly.Japan’s birth rate, one of the lowest in the world, is now at 1.3. A rate of 2.1 is considered optimal to keep a population stable.

Title: ‘Deranged Loner’ Could Start Pandemic
Details: One of Britain’s most renowned scientists is warning that a “deranged loner” could easily create the next pandemic using homemade biotech equipment. ‌Laboratories, equipment, and expertise are becoming increasingly available globally due to the democratization of science.Lord Rees, the co-founder of the Centre for the Study of Existential Risk at the University of Cambridge, said during an address that the world’s experience with COVID “is not the worst that could happen.”“The real nightmare will be a deranged loner with biotech expertise, who does not care who becomes infected or how many,” he said. “There are thousands of academic and industrial labs around the world where dangerous pathogens are being studied and modified. An increasing number of individuals will acquire the requisite expertise. The dangers are looming ever larger; regulation of biotech is needed ever more today... This is the stuff of nightmares.”

Title: Gen Z Is Reviving Malls
Details: Gen Z is significantly contributing to the revival of malls post-COVID, analysts are noting, saying that the digital world has led the generation to value the instant gratification of in-person shopping.The desire for physical interaction and community experiences drives this generation to brick-and-mortar stores, as found in a 2023 report by the International Council of Shopping Centers. 97% of Gen Z respondents said they shop at brick-and-mortar stores and 95% said they shop online for convenience.Malls are also evolving to become multipurpose destinations, offering fine dining, movie theaters, and gyms, catering to Gen Z's preference for experiences over material items. 60% of Gen Z say they would rather spend their money on experiences than material items.Stephanie Tully, assistant professor at the USC Marshall School of Business: “This digitally savvy generation is used to having things immediately that they can download, access, watch. And so from that perspective, the desire to get physical products immediately makes sense and would explain interest in brick-and-mortar.”

Title: China Snatching Up U.S. Land
Details: The U.S. is seeing more and more of its farmland snapped up by China and other foreign buyers, yet officials are unsure of the exact amount because of difficulties tracking data.It’s widely believed that foreign ownership of U.S. agricultural land increased to around 40 million acres in 2021, a 40% rise since 2016. But officials are now questioning that number, citing inaccuracies, such as the largest land holding linked with China being counted twice. Other challenges include relying on foreigners to self-report their activity, meaning foreign owners could be drastically under-reporting how much they own.This confusion comes as concerns are growing in Washington about potential threats to food supply chains and national security. In response, lawmakers have called for a crackdown on sales of land to China and other nations.

Title: We Had Questions For Ye’s Dentist
Details: Dr. Thomas Connelly is the Beverly Hills cosmetic dentist who rendered and fitted Ye’s $850,000 orthodontic vision in titanium, platinum, palladium and gold alloy. YEWS asked him a few questions.Give us an idea: how much metal is in Ye’s mouth?There is a lot of precious metal in there. It could be melted down and used as an asset. 100% Ye’s. He designed it.We understand the titanium procedure is ground-breaking, involving bespoke material and experimental dentistry. It crosses over from dentistry into sculpture and art. Can you walk us through it?We were very precise to make sure that the edges of the piece we made lined up with where the edges of his original teeth were because we did not want to affect his speech. There’s a lot of science behind the front of what you see. This was designed very carefully from a dental standpoint.How's the mouthfeel? Does it make food taste different?I am very curious about how this feels in Ye’s mouth.  I think it’s pleasurable and very cleanable. You would need to ask him for the details. This is the first time we’ve done anything like this. We've had to commission a custom rinsing mouthpiece with water jets to clean every aspect of this including underneath it and in between the teeth at the gum line.We always want to work with precious metals because we don’t want to have any type of immune reaction or taste what our body comes in touch with the metal. Precious metals such as gold, platinum, palladium all have this characteristic. Titanium has this characteristic as well but it is very difficult to cast and needs to be milled.What happens to him now at TSA?Most precious metals will not trigger a metal detector.What do the ladies think of your work?Honestly, most women love a man with a little edge and artistic uniqueness.How does it feel to make things so intimate and personal to people? You’re with them forever in a way aren’t you?Yes. We are married. Especially on this one.How was it working with Ye? Was he brave?Ye was a pleasure to work with every step of the process. His vision for designing unique art transcends the dental profession.Ye is famously perfectionist. Were you worried you'd have to make this a hundred times over?We worked very close with him every step of the way so that we were able to interpret his vision before we made irreversible castings. We did have to alter one of the castings, but this is normal when you’re creating something new and unique.Where do you go from here? You had already made it as a premier dentist. But once you’ve made a set of teeth like that for Ye, you must be feeling you’ve reached a new level.Haha! I have five children and lots of college bills! I’m a working man. Although Rolling Stone magazine did call me “The Father of Diamond Dentistry.”For rich people, this is a safe place to park savings in times of economic turbulence. Safer than Silicon Valley Bank.You could break a bit off at the register in Dior if your Amex won’t do the whole amount.For the rest of us, would Medicaid cover the procedure?No, insurance or Medicaid would not cover any of this!

Title: 25% Of CEOs Replacing Humans With AI
Details: A new survey of global leaders at the annual World Economic Forum meeting reveals that 25% of CEOs plan to reduce their workforce by at least 5% due to generative AI.Media and entertainment sectors are leading in anticipated AI-driven layoffs, with over 30% of CEOs in these industries planning reductions.Kristalina Georgieva, the chief of the International Monetary Fund, warns that AI could affect nearly 40% of global jobs, potentially worsening inequality. “In most scenarios. AI will likely worsen overall inequality, a troubling trend that policymakers must proactively address to prevent the technology from further stoking social tensions,” she said.Concerns persist about AI’s reliability, as it often produces nonsensical or plagiarized content, but CEOs are still investing in it for its “disruptive” potential.Bob Moritz, global chair of PwC: “As business leaders are becoming less concerned about macroeconomic challenges, they are becoming more focused on the disruptive forces within their industries. Whether it is accelerating the rollout of generative AI or building their businesses to address the challenges and opportunities of the climate transition, this is a year of transformation.”

Title: N. Koreans Jailed For Watching K-Pop
Details: Two North Korean teenagers have been sentenced to 12 years of hard labor for watching South Korean movies and K-pop music videos over three months.The sentencing was part of a public trial, as shown in a video released by a research institute that works with North Korean defectors. North Korea's strict “anti-reactionary thought” law, imposed in 2020, penalizes the consumption of South Korean entertainment.Choi Kyong-hui, who defected from North Korea in 2001: “Judging from the heavy punishment, it seems that this is to be shown to people across North Korea to warn them. If so, it appears this lifestyle of South Korean culture is prevalent in North Korean society.”He continued: “I think this video was edited around 2022... What is troublesome for (North Korean leader) Kim Jong Un is that Millennials and Gen Z young people have changed their way of thinking. I think he's working on turning it back to the North Korean way.”

Title: Saudi Plans Cliff-Hanging Stadium
Details: Saudi Arabia is planning to build a high-tech stadium on the cliff of a mountain 650 feet above ground.Designed by the architecture company Populous, the Prince Mohammed Bin Salman Stadium will have a capacity of 45,000 and host various events, including soccer, boxing, esports, concerts, and theater performances. It will also incorporate an artificial lake underneath for cooling, addressing the challenges of hosting events in the desert climate.Populous: “It is set to be the world's first fully integrated venue with a combined retractable roof, pitch, and LED wall—an architectural innovation offering unparalleled versatility and allowing the space to transform into different ‘event modes’ in a matter of hours. This LED wall will be a portal to live event broadcasts, high-definition films, and laser shows, offering guests a novel, immersive experience with each visit. When not activated, it will open to reveal breathtaking views of Qiddiya City.”The architectural marvel is one of many Saudi Arabia’s ambitious projects, which include an “upside-down skyscraper” inside a mountain and an immersive events space set into a cliffside.

