Title: 5,000 Parents Suing ‘Poison’ TikTok
Details: TikTok is being sued by 5,000 parents over concerns about its impact on their children, claiming the app is “poisoning America’s youth.”The parents are being represented by consumer arbitration platform ClaimsHero, which claims they’re eligible for up to $10,000 in damages because the app’s “search algorithm turns the platform into a drug—featuring relentless violent, sexual, and even suicidal content that targets children as young as 12 years old.”The lawsuit comes on the heels of a disturbing incident recounted by a parent, who was notified by a friend that her 12-year-old daughter had posted a video on TikTok saying, “LOWKEY GONNA COMMIT Suicide.”“My child literally did a 360, and all it took was for her to be glued to a phone. Somebody had to be held accountable for this. [ClaimHero’s] views were similar to mine in terms of how they felt about TikTok with the way it’s becoming addictive to kids,” the parent said.Kelvin Goode, founder of ClaimsHero, emphasized that “it’s more urgent now than ever for parents and guardians to hold TikTok accountable so families like Brittany’s can pursue justice for the injuries caused by the most addictive app on the planet.”

Title: ‘Aggro Dr1ft’ Screens In Strip Clubs
Details: Psychedelic action film “Aggro Dr1ft,” directed by Harmony Korine, is set for an experimental tour, with its first screening at the strip club Crazy Girls in Los Angeles next month. Other clubs in LA will follow suit.The film, shot entirely through an infrared lens, chronicles a Miami Beach hitman as he pursues his next target. It features a two-person cast, Spanish actor Jordi Mollà and Travis Scott, and debuted at last year’s Venice Film Festival, where it received a ten-minute standing ovation.Eric Kohn, the head of film strategy and development at EDGLRD, which is managing the tour, said that “the distribution of ‘Aggro Dr1ft’ goes beyond the limitations of the outdated moviegoing experience. You don’t just watch ‘Aggro Dr1ft’—you step into a new world, and these events will allow audiences to immerse themselves in it.”The IMDB plot synopsis of “Aggro Dr1ft” reads: “In this sensual experimental elegy by Harmony Korine, spellbinding infrared photography evokes a dreamlike portrait of a tormented assassin.”

Title: Smart Rings May Dethrone Watches
Details: Samsung has unveiled its latest wearable: a smart ring. Analysts say this may be the start of a new wearable era.The announcement of the Galaxy Ring came as a tease at the end of Samsung’s Unpacked event, and details were scarce. But afterward, the company’s spokesperson said the ring is meant to “empower more people to manage their health with a comprehensive yet simplified approach to everyday wellness at home.” They also noted the ring will have “leading sensor technologies” and that it would be comfortable enough for 24/7 wear.Tech journalists note the demand for smart rings has been growing, with consumers yearning for simpler trackers that don’t act as extensions of their phones. Smart rings could also be more discreet than smartwatches while providing all the same features.

Title: Americans ‘Suffering’ At Record Rate
Details: A new survey by Gallup reveals a significant 4.3% of Americans felt “suffering” in the fourth quarter of 2023, a rate rarely seen since 2008. Only 52.1% felt “thriving” last year, barely more than during the 2008 recession and early COVID period.Gallup categorizes Americans as “thriving,” “struggling,” or “suffering” for its Life Evaluation Index based on how they rate their current and future lives on a ladder scale with steps numbered from zero to ten. Those who are “suffering” are more likely to report lacking food and shelter and more likely to have physical pain, stress, worry, sadness, and anger.The survey also found political differences in well-being, with Democrats having a higher thriving rate in 2023 at 55.7%, compared to Republicans (51.7%) and independents (48.4%).Aaron Pallas, professor of sociology at Columbia University: “It's hard to pinpoint precisely why Americans are more pessimistic about their lives in the past year and a half than in other periods over the past 15 years, but it is worrisome. Candidates for public office often ask the public, ‘Are you doing better now than you were a few years ago?’ If people vote based on these feelings, it may be harder for incumbents to remain in office.”

Title: Massachusetts Regulates Pussy
Details: The Massachusetts Senate has unanimously passed a bill to ban the declawing of cats.The bill is aimed at preventing unnecessary surgical procedures that can lead to physical and psychological issues in cats, including paw and back pain, anxiety, and litter box problems.Veterinarians who perform the declawing surgery on cats, unless medically necessary, may face disciplinary action if the bill becomes law.

Title: Number Of TV Shows Plummeting
Details: New reports show a significant decline in the production of U.S. TV shows, with a nearly 50% drop since 2019.In 2023, the number of U.S. series titles fell to 481, down from the peak years of 2022 and 2021, which had 633 releases.The report from Ampere Analysis blames a “combination of strike action and a downturn in the original content boom” and notes an “even more precipitous decline” in series orders. “Due to the time lag between series being greenlit and hitting screens,” Ampere notes, “this number is unlikely to rise in 2024.”Fred Black, principal analyst at Ampere: “The U.S. scripted boom [has] finally run out of steam. While 2024 will see some level of a bounce back in the content being ordered, many of these titles will be released in 2025, meaning any recovery is likely to be slow going.”The finding comes as David Chase, the creator of “The Sopranos,” said during an interview this week that the golden age of TV is dead, noting that he’s been told to “dumb down” his work and avoid making anything that “requires an audience to focus.”

Title: Study: Desk Jobs Are Dangerous
Details: A study involving 481,688 participants over 13 years reveals sitting at a desk all day increases the risk of early death from heart disease by 34% and from any cause by 16%. The good news: just 15 minutes of daily exercise can offset the damage.“Our findings offer reassurance that the increased risks for those who are mainly sedentary can be offset by an extra 15 to 30 minutes per day of exercise per day,” said Dr. Min-Kuang Tsai, from Taipei Medical University. “Employers can play a role in facilitating this by providing designated areas for leisure time physical activity. The fact that there is no increased risk for those who alternate between sitting and non-sitting at work suggests incorporating regular breaks in work settings can be beneficial.”Lazy lifestyles are a top killer, according to the World Health Organization. Not exercising enough has been linked to higher rates of type 2 diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and dementia.

Title: ‘Tron 3’ Begins Filming
Details: “Tron 3,” possibly titled “Tron: Ares,” has officially started production.The first photo from the set has been shared by director Joachim Rønning, showcasing a production chair with the “TR3N” logo and intense red lights on set, a deviation from the previous films' blue lighting.The film stars Jared Leto, with other cast members including Evan Peters, Greta Lee, Jodie Turner-Smith, Sarah Desjardins, and Cameron Monaghan. It's unclear if any of the original stars from the first movie or even 2010's “Tron: Legacy” will be involved.

Title: Hackers Want What Microsoft Knows
Details: Microsoft has disclosed that it had corporate emails hacked by a group widely believed to be working for the Russian government. Curiously, the hackers didn’t go after customer data or the traditional corporate information they may have normally gone after. They wanted to know what data Microsoft had on them.According to Microsoft, the hacker group Midnight Blizzard managed “to access a very small percentage of Microsoft corporate email accounts.” The company announced that the hackers “were initially targeting email accounts for information related to Midnight Blizzard itself.”Some social media users wonder if Microsoft announced the hack late on Friday to draw as little amount of attention as possible. “If they had top leadership accounts and service accounts hacked just by password protection sounds like a major security fubar,” one user wrote.

Title: Cicadas Emerge 221 Years Later
Details: For the first time since the Louisiana Purchase in 1803, two broods of over a trillion screaming cicadas will emerge simultaneously in spring 2024. These periodical cicadas have spent over a decade underground feeding and growing.Brood XIII, last seen in 2007, is expected in Iowa, Wisconsin, and potentially Michigan, while Brood XIX, last seen in 2011, will likely emerge in several states including Alabama, Arkansas, and Georgia.Illinois and Indiana are anticipated to witness both broods, creating a unique natural event marked by the loud mating calls of the male cicadas.

