Title: Scientists Can Now Teleport Images
Details: Scientists in South Africa and Spain have successfully teleported images using light, with researchers calling it “a ‘Star Trek’ technology made real.”The team achieved the feat using laser light patterns and an optical detector that harnessed quantum processes. Essentially, some principles of quantum physics allow information about an image to appear on the receiver’s end without having to physically travel from the sender.Andrew Forbes, a professor who led the research: “Traditionally, two communicating parties physically send the information from one to the other, even in the quantum realm. Now, it’s possible to teleport information so that it never physically travels across the connection—a ‘Star Trek’ technology made real.”Notably, the scientists warned that this technology could be used nefariously to produce clones.Adam Vallés, researcher: “We have to be cautious now, as this configuration could not prevent a cheating sender from keeping better copies of the information to be teleported, which means we could end up with many Mr. Spock clones in the Star Trek world if that is what Scotty wanted.”The achievement offers a glimpse at the potential of quantum communications, an emerging field that could allow data to be sent across distances far greater than modern telecommunication systems currently offer.

Title: Jimmy Kimmel: IDK Epstein
Details: Jimmy Kimmel is pushing back after New York Jets quarterback Aaron Rodgers suggested in an interview that the late-night talk show will appear on the Epstein associates list, which is expected to be unsealed this week.In an interview with Pat McAfee today, Rodgers said: “There’s a lot of people, including Jimmy Kimmel, who are really hoping that doesn't come out… I'll tell you what, if that list comes out, I definitely will be popping some sort of bottle.”Kimmel responded to the interview tonight, writing on X: “Dear Aasshole: for the record, I’ve not met, flown with, visited, or had any contact whatsoever with Epstein, nor will you find my name on any ‘list’ other than the clearly-phony nonsense that soft-brained wackos like yourself can’t seem to distinguish from reality. Your reckless words put my family in danger. Keep it up and we will debate the facts further in court.”Last month, a district judge ordered the list’s unsealing after January 1. Former President Bill Clinton is expected to appear, with ABC News reporting that he is identified as “Doe 36” and is mentioned in more than 50 of the redacted filings, according to court records.

Title: The American Dream Now Costs $3.4M
Details: The estimated lifetime cost of “The American Dream,” including typical milestones like marriage, children, homes, and education, is now $3,455,305, Investopedia estimates.Raising two children to the age of 18 is estimated to cost $576,896, while the average cost of a home, considering mortgage and interest, is around $796,998.Educational expenses for two children attending an in-state college for one year are about $42,070, and the lifetime costs of pets can reach up to $67,000.Preparing for retirement requires savings of at least $715,968 to maintain 80% of pre-retirement income, a challenging feat considering the average lifetime earnings of Americans are $2.3 million.

Title: Turkey Arrests 33 ‘Israel Spies’
Details: Turkey has detained 33 individuals accused of working for Israel's spy agency Mossad in a nationwide operation named Operation Mole.The arrests occurred across eight provinces, with another 13 suspects still on the run. Authorities claim the suspects planned to surveil and potentially kidnap foreigners.The crackdown follows reports that Israel is determined to kill Hamas leaders “in every location” in the world, including Qatar, Turkey, and Lebanon, with Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warning Israel would pay a “very heavy price” for carrying out the operations in his nation.Ali Yerlikaya, Turkey’s interior minister: “We will never allow espionage activities against the national unity and solidarity of our country!”

Title: NFL Fines Panthers Owner $300K
Details: The NFL has fined Carolina Panthers owner David Tepper $300,000 for throwing a drink at Jaguars fans during Sunday’s game.The incident was captured on video, showing Tepper in his luxury box visibly frustrated during the Panthers' 0-26 loss to the Jaguars.The NFL's statement: “The National Football League today fined Carolina Panthers’ chairman David Tepper $300,000 for his unacceptable conduct in Jacksonville during Sunday’s game. All NFL personnel are expected to conduct themselves at all times in ways that respect our fans and favorably reflect on their team and the NFL.”David Tepper later apologized: “I am deeply passionate about this team and regret my behavior on Sunday. I should have let NFL stadium security handle any issues that arose. I respect the NFL’s code of conduct and accept the League’s discipline for my behavior.”

Title: Senator Charged With Receiving Bribes
Details: Democrat Senator Bob Menendez accepted race car tickets and other gifts from Qatar as part of a yearslong corruption scheme, federal prosecutors allege. Menendez is already facing accusations from prosecutors of receiving bribes from Egypt.In a new indictment, Menendez is accused of a bribery and extortion scheme that continued into 2023. One allegation is that the New Jersey senator accepted payments from a real estate developer. In exchange, Menendez used his influence to help the developer obtain millions from an investment fund tied to Qatar.Last year, both Menendez and his wife were indicted as part of a bribery scheme. Both have pleaded not guilty.Menendez’s attorney said in a statement today that “the government does not have the proof to back up any of the old or new allegations” but instead “a string of baseless assumptions and bizarre conjectures based on routine, lawful contacts between a Senator and his constituents or foreign officials.”

Title: Nostradamus Prediction Comes True
Details: Yesterday, a 7.5 magnitude earthquake devastated Japan's western coast, resulting in 48 deaths and widespread damage, including three-foot-high tsunamis. This event eerily aligns with Nostradamus’ apocalyptic prophecy and Japanese myths about the Doomsday Fish.Nostradamus, a 16th-century French astrologer, predicted in 2024 that “the dry Earth will become more parched, and there will be great floods.”The disaster prompted a massive rescue operation, with a 3,000-strong team of army, firefighters, and police dispatched to the Noto peninsula.Over the summer, an injured giant oarfish, known in Japanese mythology as a harbinger of earthquakes, was spotted in Taiwan, further fueling superstitions linked to the quake.One user wrote on X: “The legend is that if you see an oarfish (DOOMSDAY FISH), it is a warning sign from higher powers that disasters such as earthquakes are soon to occur.”Experts dismiss the oarfish myth and Nostradamus’ predictions as scientifically baseless.

Title: Student Targeted In Cyber Kidnapping
Details: A Chinese foreign exchange student in the U.S. fell victim to a “cyber kidnapping” scam last week, leading his family to pay a $80,000 ransom.The 17-year-old was manipulated into isolating himself in rural Utah, where scammers convinced his family he had been abducted. Once the teenager was alone in the wilderness, the “kidnappers” sent a ransom demand and a picture to his parents in China and claimed he had been abducted. The student had even taken the picture himself.Joseph Steinberg, cyber security expert: “The technology has reached a point where even loving parents who know their kids really well can be tricked. Cyber crime is probably the crime that pays the best. You can target people in different languages. You can do it from anywhere. The reality is that we know that people just like us… have fallen prey.”Marie-Helen Maras, director of the Center for Cybercrime Studies: “Criminals can even spoof numbers to make it look like it's coming from you. They are becoming increasingly better at obscuring the fraud.”

Title: Texas County Fights 43,000 Monkeys
Details: A $12 billion biomedical research firm in Texas bought over 500 acres, with plans to house up to 43,200 monkeys. Now, neighbors want them out.“How much racket does 43,000 monkeys make?” asked Jason Robert, a shrimper who owns about 1,100 acres near the plot. “I’m sure they’re not quiet.”“I thought this would be a place to get away from everything,” said John Stern, a retired veterinarian who built a retreat on about 900 acres for his family and grandchildren. “Now a monkey farm is my neighbor.”The firm, Charles River Laboratories, sells the animals for research and, under contract to universities, biotech, and pharma companies, runs tests on the animals in its own facilities. In 2022, the company housed nearly 19,000 monkeys in half a dozen states.Since early October, PETA has canvassed county officials and conservation groups, and it has mailed more than 4,000 letters to local residents to oppose the project, citing the possible spread of diseases and the possibility of contaminated soil and water.Following the revolt, Charles River Laboratories put its monkey business on hold. “At the current time our plans are on hold,” its chief operating officer told The Wall Street Journal. “We didn’t do our job,” expressing regret that the company didn’t connect with the community.

Title: 16-Year-Old Is Dominating World Darts
Details: At just 16 years old, Luke Littler has made a remarkable debut at the World Darts Championship, reaching the finals and earning £200,000 ($252,000) so far.He has defeated seasoned players, including former world champions, and averaged over 100 in three of his five matches, becoming one of only two players to achieve this at the tournament.Littler started playing darts at 18 months old and has been a prodigy since childhood, winning 12 adult titles and the 2023 World Youth Championship. His rise to fame has also made him a social media sensation, with over 300,000 Instagram followers and endorsements like free kebabs for life.Karl Holden, former coach: “He went from under-10s to under-14 leagues and, before he was 11, he was playing in the under-21s, just simply because he was too good for anybody else.”Wayne Mardle, five-time World Championship semi-finalist: “He's an absolute darting freak—and that is a term of endearment.”

