Title: AI Gives Predictions For 2024
Details: The Daily Mail asked two leading AI chatbots for 2024 predictions. Above all, they anticipated significant advancements in technology, including the emergence of AI that can rival human intelligence.Google’s Bard and Amazon’s Claude were used to make the predictions, as they have access to current information, unlike ChatGPT.Claude foresees AI models beginning to show signs of artificial general intelligence (AGI), meaning that software can represent generalized human cognitive abilities.Claude: “In recent years we've seen AI algorithms match or exceed human performance in specialized tasks like object recognition, game playing, and language processing. Groups like DeepMind, OpenAI, Google Brain, and Anthropic are pushing towards this goal of AGI. While we likely won't fully crack general intelligence by 2024, we might see demos of systems that start displaying more expansive reasoning, creativity, and decision-making abilities.”Bard predicts that biotechnology will “upgrade” humans, especially through breakthroughs like brain-computer interfaces. Elon Musk’s Neuralink is set to test such technology in volunteers in the coming year. The AI also anticipates personalized medicine, where treatments are tailored to the individual based on their DNA.In geopolitics, Claude expects tensions between the U.S. and China to intensify. This will likely come because of China’s increasing military actions in Taiwan, the tool warns: “Taiwan has evolved into a distinct, democratic society with its own identity. The U.S. has historically supported Taiwan's right to self-determination and supplied arms for its defenses, raising tensions with China.”

Title: Israel Wants Netanyahu Gone After War
Details: Only 15% of Israelis support Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu staying in office after the war in Gaza ends, a poll published today found.His political rival, centrist Benny Gantz, garnered support from 23% of the respondents, with 30% having no preference.Still, 56% of those surveyed said continuing the military offensive was the best way to recover the hostages.Wide-spread criticism of Netanyahu has been observed for quite some time. In October, a poll found that 80% of Israelis believe he must take responsibility for the security failures exposed by Hamas’ attack on Israel.Yesterday, a spokesperson for Israel’s military said the war is expected to last all of 2024.

Title: Japan Has Fewer Teens Than Ever
Details: Japan's number of 18-year-olds has hit a historic low of 1.06 million, representing just 0.86% of the total population.This decline reflects a continuous decrease in birth rates, with 2005 and 2022 marking record lows in the country's total fertility rate.The number of new adults peaked back in 1970 at 2.46 million and has been on a downward trend ever since, despite a brief resurgence in the early 1990s.In 2022, Japan had less than 800,000 births, the lowest in the country’s history since records began in 1899. Prime Minister Fumio Kishida has said it’s “now or never” to resolve the crisis, unveiling plans for an “unprecedented” ¥3.5 trillion ($24 billion) increase in family-policy spending.

Title: Rise In Older Women Exploring Kinks
Details: Middle-aged women are increasingly exploring kinks and fantasies, according to the founder of one of the UK’s largest sex-positive communities.Emma Sayle, who organizes extravagant balls and sex parties for adults, says there is a growing appetite for sexual adventure among the UK population, but especially among women wanting to prioritize themselves.“We find a lot of women are leaving marriages, or their husbands have left, they’ve had kids and suddenly they’re in their late 30s, early 40s, even 50s, going: ‘Hang on a minute, it’s time for me to be unapologetically selfish and recognize I’m a human being with needs and desires,’” she says.She adds: “I think there’s a realization that you’re not on the shelf when you’re 40 or 50—you can be 70 and still have a sex life, still go out and experiment and explore and date or try new things sexually.”For instance, these women are happy to spend €175 ($192) for a ticket to this year’s Venice Carnival Ball, which promises the “ultimate erotic masquerade experience in Italy’s floating city.”“This is not a generation of women who have relied on their husband for finances,” Sayle notes. “If women are financially independent, that kind of channels into every other aspect of our lives, it gives us control over everything else.”

Title: Half Of Teens Addicted To IG, TikTok
Details: 48% of British teenagers say they feel addicted to social media, according to a new study.The University of Cambridge tracked the lives of about 19,000 people born in 2000-2002. When the cohort was aged 16-18, they were asked for the first time about social media use.Of the 7,000 people who responded, 48% said they agreed or strongly agreed with the statement “I think I am addicted to social media.” A higher proportion of girls (57%) agreed compared to boys (37%).Scientists emphasized that this does not mean teens are actually suffering from a clinical addiction, but that expressing a perceived lack of control suggests a problematic relationship.Georgia Turner, a graduate student leading the analysis: “Self-perceived social media addiction is not [necessarily] the same as drug addiction. But it’s not a nice feeling to feel you don’t have agency over your own behavior. It’s quite striking that so many people feel like that and it can’t be that good.”Last week, a Harvard study found that social media companies made $11 billion in U.S. ad revenue from minors in 2022.

Title: Saudi Teams Up With China, Russia
Details: Saudi Arabia has officially joined the BRICS alliance, expanding the original bloc from Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa to join new members like the UAE and Iran.The kingdom's decision comes amid shifting geopolitical landscapes, particularly in its relationship with the U.S. and China. Despite strong ties with the U.S., Saudi Arabia is diversifying its alliances as it sees decreased American commitment to Gulf security.China, Saudi Arabia's biggest oil customer, has called for BRICS expansion as a counterweight to Western influence. Notably, the alliance has pursued global de-dollarization, hoping to challenge the West’s hegemony by abandoning the USD. Last week, Iran and Russia announced they will use local currencies instead of the USD in trade.

Title: Your Résumé Is Being Filtered By AI
Details: Corporations are increasingly relying on AI to weed out job applications, a reporter warns, leading to concerns of bias and worries that unquantifiable skills will be overlooked.Hilke Schellmann warns in her book “The Algorithm” that AI tools used in HR range from résumé screeners to personality assessments analyzing facial expressions and social media behavior. Despite the potential for AI to save companies money and time, she says there's a lack of proof that these tools find the most successful candidates, and they might be prone to biases.To test this, she posed as a prospective job hunter. One tool rated her as a high match for a job even though she spoke nonsense to it in German. A personality assessment algorithm gave her high marks for “steadiness” based on her Twitter use and a low rating based on her LinkedIn profile.Schellmann: “I think all employers hope that these tools will find the most successful candidates, but we do not have a lot of proof that they do. We have seen employers save a lot of money on labor. I think that's often all they want.”

Title: German Right-Wing Party Surges
Details: Germany's right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) party's membership has surged 37% from the previous year, reaching a membership of over 40,000. A left-wing party is suggesting the group should be banned because of “extremist” beliefs.The AfD advocates for minimal immigration, the preservation of Germany’s Christian heritage, and a low reliance on the EU. Three German states have categorized the party as “right-wing extremist.” In 2021, the party was put under surveillance by the federal government for allegedly trying to undermine Germany's democratic constitution.Saskia Esken, leader of Germany's left-wing Social Democratic Party: “Such a party ban is rightly subject to high hurdles. But I am convinced that we should keep reviewing it. It is important that we talk about banning the AfD and that voters are shaken up.”In December, the AfD won its first mayoral election, a sign the party is gaining ground despite its obstacles. The party is now also the second most powerful, polling ahead of the Social Democratic Party.

Title: Italy’s Leaning Tower On ‘High Alert’
Details: A “leaning tower” in Italy that has stood steadily for nearly 1,000 years is now on high alert for collapse and is set to undergo extensive restorations.Officials in Bologna have announced a €4.3 million ($4.71 million) restoration plan to secure and repair the 47-meter-tall Garisenda Tower that leans at a four-degree angle, similar to its more famous counterpart, the Leaning Tower of Pisa. The tower is mentioned in Dante's 1321 poem “The Divine Comedy,” along with several other mentions by famous writers including Charles Dickens and Goethe, marking its important cultural status.Cleto Carlini, head of public works, green spaces, and mobility at Bologna’s City Hall: “Everybody agrees that the base needs to be reinforced, because of its historical weakness and because of the recent concerns raised by the data collected. The question is how, and we need to study that thoroughly before planning the restoration.”Heritage restoration was a main theme in architecture last year, marked by buildings facing the threat of demolition, sometimes saved through the collective effort of communities aware of their cultural and environmental impact.

Title: Tigger Bounces Into Public Domain
Details: Tigger from the “Winnie the Pooh” series has officially entered the public domain, following the titular character’s entrance in 2022.The reason for this is copyright law: U.S. law allows copyright to be held for 95 years, after which it enters the public domain.The entry of the fast-talking, high-jumping tiger comes as other iconic characters, such as the original version of Mickey Mouse, are now free to use in media without copyright.Horror films are already taking advantage. Yesterday, a trailer dropped for a Mickey Mouse slasher film, and a horror film revolving around Winnie the Pooh will come out next month that features a horrifying version of the loveable tiger.

