Title: Jack Black Starring As Minecraft Steve
Details: Jack Black is set to play Steve in the upcoming Minecraft movie, according to reports from Variety and Deadline.For the uninitiated, Steve is the player character in the 2011 video game. The movie has been in development for nearly a decade, with several directors and story concepts explored, but the plot remains under wraps.The movie is scheduled for release on April 4, 2025, with Warner Bros. and Legendary backing the project.

Title: President Gay Resigns
Details: Harvard President Claudine Gay has resigned after weeks of controversy surrounding claims of antisemitism and plagiarism.Gay was first brought into the national spotlight when she testified at a congressional hearing in December about the reported rise of antisemitism at college campuses. When she was asked if students at Harvard are allowed to call for the genocide of Jews, she said it would depend on the context, sparking backlash for her lack of a definitive answer.After this hearing, Harvard’s governing board issued its full support behind Gay, rejecting calls for her resignation.Gay’s academic credentials then came under scrutiny by Jewish activists, who pointed to numerous instances of her seemingly committing plagiarism in her 1997 doctoral dissertation. Days later, that same governing board said it found two additional examples of “duplicative language without appropriate attribution.” From then, the pressure for her resignation only intensified.In her resignation letter, Gay said it has been “distressing to have doubt cast on my commitments to confronting hate and to upholding scholarly rigor—two bedrock values that are fundamental to who I am—and frightening to be subjected to personal attacks and threats fueled by racial animus.”Succeeding Gay is Alan M. Garber, a provost at Harvard who has been critical of the university’s perceived weak stance on antisemitism.

Title: Consumers Now Have Fewer Options
Details: Consumer choice in categories like beauty and footwear has been slashed in half because of COVID supply chain issues. Surprisingly, shoppers are happy with that.The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that new items in categories such as beauty, footwear, and toys made up about 2% of the space on retailers’ shelves in 2023, down from 5% in 2019.Retail executives said shoppers don’t seem to mind having fewer new items to choose from, pointing to a 2022 study from the University of Chicago that found shoppers become overwhelmed if they have too many options. Additionally, a 2006 study from Harvard discovered that consumers with an excess of choices are less likely to make a purchase altogether.“The customer today does not want an endless aisle,” Tony Spring, Macy’s president and CEO-elect, told investors in a November earnings call. “They want the best style.”

Title: 38% Of U.S. Thinks Biden Rigged 2020
Details: A new poll finds that 38% of U.S. adults believe Biden was not legitimately elected president in 2020, up from 31% in 2021.The poll, conducted by The Washington Post and the University of Maryland, shows a growing partisan divide, with only 31% of Republicans saying Biden's win was legitimate, down from 39% in 2021.Michael J Hanmer, a researcher at the University of Maryland: “From a historical perspective, these results would be chilling to many analysts.”Along these lines, a poll last week found that almost a third of Republicans have only a little trust or none at all that votes will be counted correctly during the upcoming Republican presidential primary.

Title: Japan Plane Crash Serves As Lesson
Details: A Japan Airlines commercial jet carrying 379 passengers exploded after colliding with a coast guard aircraft Tuesday evening, killing at least five. The incident underscores the potential severity of airplane near-misses, which have been increasing in the U.S.According to Federal Aviation Administration data, near-miss accidents where planes nearly hit each other have increased nearly 25% in the last decade, with about 300 such accidents last year.Examples last year include a Delta and America jet nearly hitting each other in New York and a FexEx plane having to call off a landing at the last minute to avoid a plane taking off. A New York Times investigation found that incidents like these were happening multiple times each week in the U.S. At a summit in March, Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg said there had been an “uptick in serious close calls.”The Times found that overworked staff and worker shortages were likely to blame for the close calls. Others argue an emphasis on diversity and inclusion in hiring, which the Federal Aviation Administration dedicates a page to on its website, has lowered employment standards and produced a “competence crisis.”

Title: Abercrombie Was Best Stock In 2023
Details: Abercrombie & Fitch soared in 2023, marking its best annual performance since 1996 with a stunning 285% increase, even surpassing tech giant Nvidia in the S&P 1500 Index.The retailer's successful rebranding and expansion into new apparel categories like workwear and outerwear was a key factor for the growth.Despite a modest 20% surge in the S&P Retail Select Industry Index, Abercrombie's impressive quarterly results, particularly in the third quarter, led to the boost after a tough 2022.Dana Telsey, CEO, Telsey Advisory Group: “The work that’s been done to right-size the store base, reduce occupancy costs, remodel the stores, improve and make investments in the digital channel and the store channel is what’s allowing them to drive both margin growth and improve profitability. They’ve done a very good job which has shown up in the stock price.”

Title: China Overtakes Tesla In EV Market
Details: A Chinese carmaker has overtaken Tesla in global electric vehicle sales, becoming the new worldwide leader in the market.The diverse and affordable range of China’s BYD challenges Tesla’s pricier models, analysts say. Government subsidies in China have further fueled the surge.Bridget McCarthy, head of China operations, Snow Bull Capital: “The competitive landscape of the auto industry has changed. It's no longer about the size and legacy of auto companies; it's about the speed at which they can innovate and iterate. BYD began preparing long ago to be able to do this faster than anyone thought possible, and now the rest of the industry has to race to catch up.”In November, the EU’s commission chief warned that Beijing’s government subsidies need to be investigated, saying they may result in “clear overcapacity.” China now rivals Japan for the global leader in passenger car exports, with over one million of the 3.6 million vehicles shipped from the country this year being electric.

Title: Plant-Based Drug Gets Smokers To Quit
Details: A new study highlights Cytisine, a plant-based compound used since the 1960s in Central and Eastern Europe, as an effective aid for quitting smoking. It's set to be available in the UK this month.Cytisine has been found to be more than twice as effective as a placebo and potentially more so than nicotine replacement therapy, giving hope to Britain's 5.3 million smokers. It is also a low cost option.Despite some concerns about side effects, researchers have deemed Cytisine to have a “benign safety profile” with the most common adverse events being gastrointestinal symptoms and sleep disorders.Dr. Omar De Santi, lead author: “Our study adds to the evidence that cytisine is an effective and inexpensive stop-smoking aid. It could be very useful in reducing smoking in Lami countries where cost-effective smoking cessation drugs are urgently needed. Worldwide, smoking is considered the main cause of preventable death. Cytisine has the potential to be one of the big answers to that problem.”

Title: Starlink To Launch Direct To Cell
Details: SpaceX is set to launch its first batch of six Starlink satellites designed to enable direct-to-cell internet service from space as soon as tonight.For 2024, the company has promised “ubiquitous coverage” from “cellphone towers in space,” starting with text service this year and rolling out voice and data next year.The satellites provide numerous benefits. For one, phones would not have to rely on a network of cell towers, which can be affected by the weather and are also limited in reach. Additionally, remote and rural regions tend to lack these cell towers, meaning satellites would provide coverage to underprivileged areas.

Title: Exercise Improves Math, Not Reading
Details: Researchers have found a specific link between physical fitness and higher math scores in children aged eight to ten, but not in reading or spelling.Their study suggests that while physical fitness is broadly associated with better academic performance, its impact may be subject-specific, primarily benefiting arithmetic skills. It’s unclear why that’s the case.For instance, children’s executive functions, like the ability to ignore distractions and multitask, were found to improve with better fitness, but these did not necessarily translate into higher intelligence or better reading and spelling skills.Lauren Raine, professor, Northeastern University: “We found that in eight- to ten-year-old children, those who were more physically fit had higher scores in math and on measures of executive function. What’s happening in the body, in the blood, and in the brain to get them these changes in outcomes?”

