Title: Pastor Charged For Housing Homeless
Details: A pastor from Ohio faces 18 zoning violations for opening his church to anyone needing a place to sleep or get out of the cold.In November, pastor Chris Avell was contacted by the Bryan City Zoning Commission, who said the building is prohibited from allowing people to eat, wash clothes, or sleep on the property due to it being zoned as a “central business.” Avell disregarded the notice, leading to law enforcement issuing violations in December.Bryan police: “A reasonable amount of time was given for both the tenant and property owner to fix the issues. Due to the safety of all involved, the city moved forward with filing charges.”Chris Avell: “Many of these people have been rejected by their families and cast aside by their communities. So, if the church isn’t willing to lay down its life for them, then who will? This is what we’re called to do.”Jeremy Dys, Avell's attorney: “The city would rather kick these folks to the curb in the cold outdoor months of December and early January than allow the church to remain open 24/7 to those who need it the most.”Avell has pleaded not guilty and is scheduled for another court hearing in 30 to 45 days.

Title: Apple Vision Pro Sells Out Fast
Details: Pre-orders for Apple’s latest product, a high-end headset, are currently out of stock across the U.S. Sold-out locations include Seattle, Portland, New York, Miami, Bellingham, Salt Lake City, Oklahoma, and Austin among many others.The Apple Vision Pro can switch between AR and VR and comes in three different storage options: 256GB ($3,500), 512GB ($3,700) and 1TB ($3,900).The high demand for the device has led to delivery delays, expected to start on February 2, though reports suggest that new orders might now be shipped in March.Analysts suggest the out-of-stock situation isn’t as much about hardware as it is about in-store experience. Apple Vision Pro will require an extensive orientation, and Apple may be limiting orders to its ability to deliver that in-store experience.

Title: Johnny Depp Returns To Directing
Details: Johnny Depp has returned to directing with the independent film “Modi,” where he collaborates with Al Pacino and Riccardo Scamarcio. This marks his first notable film project in the last few years.Shot largely in Budapest, the film follows the life of Italian painter and sculptor Amedeo Modigliani, as he “navigates a turbulent and eventful 48 hours that will become a turning point in his life, solidifying his reputation as an artistic legend,” according to the film’s synopsis on IMDb.Depp's return to the film industry follows his widely publicized trial with ex-wife Amber Heard. He has also been involved with his band Hollywood Vampires and appeared at the Cannes Film Festival.Depp: “Embarking on this cinematic journey as the director of MODI has been an incredibly fulfilling and transformative experience. I would like to express my profound gratitude to the entire cast, crew, and producers for their unwavering commitment and creativity. To Al, who requested that I make this film—how could I refuse Pacino? A sincere acknowledgment for generously contributing his talent and dedication to this project. MODI is a testament to the collaborative spirit of independent filmmaking, and I am excited to present this unique and compelling story to the world.”Al Pacino and Depp previously worked together on the 1997 crime drama “Donnie Brasco.”

Title: Seven People Fight Mid-Air
Details: A flight was thrown into chaos and forced to divert after a mass mid-air brawl involving seven people broke out on the plane. The incident resulted in one arrest.The flight, operated by Ireland's Ryanair, departed from London Luton airport at 8AM, aiming to reach Lanzarote at 12PM local time. It was rerouted to Faro, landing around 11AM.The identity of those involved or the cause of the fight has not been disclosed.Last month three Ryanair planes from the UK had to divert to Faro for different reasons, including technical problems and a pilot’s illness.Ryanair has yet to comment on this specific incident.

Title: X Tries To Beat YouTube
Details: YouTube star MrBeast uploaded a video to X as a test to explore ad revenue potential, which sparked controversy due to the platform’s handling of the video as an unlabeled ad.Users on X have reported seeing MrBeast's video repeatedly in their feed without the typical “ad” or “promoted” labels, contrary to the platform's usual practice for advertisements.An X employee claimed that the absence of a label was justified because a labeled pre-roll ad played before MrBeast’s video. However, users have pointed out that this doesn’t align with standard ad disclosure practices.Adtech watchdog Check My Ads has filed a complaint with the FTC over X’s lack of clear labeling on ads.MrBeast's experiment with X has garnered over 100 million views, but these are impressions, not video plays, as X no longer publicly shows video view counts.One X user: “This has shown up in my feed maybe 7 times now. It is both missing the post time next to the username (indicative of a normal user post) and the Ad indicator on the top right.”

Title: Marines Call 911 Over Missing Jet
Details: Newly released audio files show that the Marine Corps called 911 after one of their F-35 fighter jets went missing in South Carolina last September.The pilot safely ejected and landed in a North Charleston neighborhood, but the jet continued flying until it disappeared.“I believe we potentially have an aircraft that went down in Williamsburg County earlier today,” a major from Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort told a Williamsburg County 911 dispatcher.“You believe you have an aircraft that went down in Williamsburg County?” the dispatcher asked in response.The major replied, “That is correct. We are trying to look for it and we are coming up dry so far.”The wreckage of the F-35 was found the following day in a rural area near the border of Williamsburg and Florence counties, over 75 miles from the pilot's landing site. The cause of the incident, resulting in an estimated $100 million loss, is still under investigation by the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.

Title: Harvard Jews Face ‘Civil War’
Details: Harvard University’s new Antisemitism Task Force has been accused of antisemitism due to the appointment of co-chair Derek Penslar.The co-chair of the school’s newly appointed Presidential Task Force on Combating Antisemitism once declared “veins of hatred run through Jewish civilization,” according to his 2023 book.Jewish history professor Derek Penslar claimed in his tome, “Zionism: An Emotional State,” in which he wrote, “Israel’s dispossession of Palestinians from their land and oppression of those who remain have made it one of the most disliked countries on the planet. Jewish culture was steeped in fantasies (and occasionally, acts) of vengeance against Christians.”In August 2023, Penslar signed onto a letter from a group called Academics4Peace, in which Israel was derided as a “regime of apartheid,” guilty of “Jewish supremacism.”The task force, announced Friday, comes as the university continues to roil in the fallout from recently ousted president Claudine Gay.

Title: ‘Wizard Of Oz’ To Be Remade
Details: Writer and director Kenya Barris shared updates on his upcoming projects, including a biopic of Richard Pryor and reworks of “The Wizard of Oz” and “It’s a Wonderful Life,” at the Sundance Film Festival.For “The Wizard of Oz,” Barris has completed the script, setting Dorothy living in the Bottoms, a huge apartment complex in Inglewood, California. Barris did not provide timelines for either of these projects.Barris: “The original Wizard of Oz took place during the Great Depression and it was about self-reliance and what people were going through. I think this is the perfect time to switch the characters and talk about what someone imagines their life could be. It’s ultimately a hero’s journey, someone thinks something’s better than where they’re at, and they go and realize that where they’re at is where they should be. I want people to be proud and happy about where they’re from. But I want the world to take a look at it and I hope that will come through.”

Title: Timberlake Is Back To Making Albums
Details: Justin Timberlake debuted his new single during his hometown performance at Memphis’ Orpheum Theater.“Selfish” will reportedly be the lead single for Timberlake’s anticipated sixth album.Just an hour before the doors opened at the Orpheum, Timberlake uploaded a 30-second snippet of “Selfish” to TikTok and Instagram, signaling that the song’s arrival may be imminent. Midway through his first-ever performance at the venue, he joined his Tennessee Kids band to debut the song in full.The performance at the Orpheum Theater also included a snippet of another disco-inflected song from the album.After the concert concluded, he posted a trailer for the album itself, entitled “Everything I Thought It Was” and featuring narration from actor Benicio Del Toro.

Title: Man Finds 7.46-Carat Diamond
Details: Last Thursday, a visitor from Paris discovered a 7.46-carat diamond at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Arkansas.Julien Navas, on his first visit to the park, found the diamond on the surface of the 37.5-acre search area. This diamond is the largest found at the park since 2020 and the eighth-largest in the park’s history.Navas was initially in the U.S. to witness a rocket launch in Florida. Along the way, he learned about Crater of Diamonds State Park, which “piqued his interest as he had previously panned for gold and searched for Ammonite fossils. So he knew he had to visit the park while he was in the U.S.”Navas: “I got to the park around nine o'clock and started to dig. That is backbreaking work so by the afternoon I was mainly looking on top of the ground for anything that stood out.”He named the diamond the “Carine Diamond” after his fiancée and plans to have it cut into two diamonds.

