Title: WSJ: We No Longer ‘Own The News’
Details: At the annual World Economic Forum summit in Davos, the editor-in-chief of The Wall Street Journal admitted publications like her’s no longer “own the news.”Emma Tucker, WSJ editor-in-chief: “I think there’s a very specific challenge for the legacy brands, like The New York Times and like The Wall Street Journal. If you go back really not that long ago, as I say, we own the news. We were the gatekeepers, and we very much owned the facts as well.”“If it said it in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, then that was a fact,” she continued, adding, “Nowadays, people can go to all sorts of different sources for the news and they’re much more questioning about what we’re saying.”

Title: Cow Flies During Storm
Details: During a windy day in Georgia, one farmer was left stunned after he found a bull had mysteriously moved from one pasture to another, with no clear explanation for how it crossed closed gates. After the storm, the National Weather Service confirmed to the man that the storm had “literally lifted a bull from one pasture to another.”Farmer Charles Marchant: “We had one bull wind up in this pen where the horses were at, and we couldn’t figure out how he got there because the gates were shut.”The incident occurred amid straight-line winds that caused significant damage to Marchant's barn and surroundings. The winds were so strong that they even sucked water from a trough.While there is no video or photographic evidence of the bull’s flying journey, the story has captured the community's imagination, turning into a local legend.

Title: AI Boosts Tech Giants Over $10T
Details: The world's biggest tech companies have grown by more than $1 trillion in valuation, collectively exceeding $10 trillion, largely due to their investments in generative AI.Microsoft leads in valuation at $2.88 trillion, attributed to its significant investments in OpenAI and integration of large language models (LLMs) like GPT-4 in a wide array of products and services.Apple, valued at $2.81 trillion, is yet to announce concrete AI integrations but is rumored to be working on its own version of generative AI for incorporation into its products later this year.Google, with a valuation of $1.77 trillion, has launched its Gemini AI series, and Amazon, valued at $1.56 trillion, has incorporated generative AI focusing on advertising and e-commerce.Perhaps most notably, Nvidia, pivotal in the generative AI explosion, has a valuation of $1.38 trillion, surpassing Meta’s $937.85 billion.

Title: Equinox’s New Ad: Sex, Sex, Sex
Details: Luxury gym chain Equinox has launched a new ad campaign that features a whole lot of sex and not much fitness.The “Want It All” January campaign has no images from gyms—instead, it features imagery with heavy sexual themes, such as side-by-side photos that seem to rather obviously evoke images of genitalia (a man’s arm symbolizes a penis, with a woman’s mouth representing a vagina).There’s also a flash of a hand-crushing citrus fruit, a mouth biting down on pomegranate seeds, a person screaming, a face restrained by fishnet material, and a bunch of naked people grasping at each other.One Equinox trainer was asked about the ad and offered a rather disappointing assessment: “As an employee of Equinox [for] almost three years I know that there’s no orgies going on here. The marketing seems to be a way for the public to see Equinox as some futuristic high-status sex club.”Past Equinox marketing strategies have been similarly “bold.” In 2023, its ad campaign, jokingly dubbed “We Don’t Speak January,” banned new members from joining during the first month of the year.

Title: Tipping Debate Sparks Online Fury
Details: One TikTok went viral after showing a DoorDash driver becoming furious after receiving a $5 tip on a $20 pizza, sparking an online discussion about the merits of tipping.DoorDasher Corey said in the clip: “I just want to say, it’s a nice house for a $5 tip.”“Thank you,” the homeowner replied as the delivery person chimed in again saying, “Fuck you!”The video gained over 29 million views, which the homeowner captioned, “My lovely Dasher Corey believes I should be tipping 50%.”DoorDash responded to the incident by terminating the driver's employment and refunding the customer’s tip.A flood of comments has given a wide range of opinions. One comment reads, “Nobody told him to be a 45-year-old pizza delivery man… she actually gave a good tip. 25%. Ppl are going to stop tipping in general bc of this greed.” Another commenter disagreed: “$20 pie? Looks like more than that. And gas is expensive, so I’d tip more.”

Title: South Korea Sees Concrete Chapel
Details: In South Korea, where 60% of the population has no religion, an architect has designed a concrete chapel to offer “separation from the secular world.” Elevated above ground on a concrete terrace, it's set against a backdrop of dense forest and the sea.Architect Lee Eunsok: “The simple chapel volume, set in the vast nature, is constructed as a lifted box, signifying a separation from the secular world. It allows [visitors] to reach the open sky quickly and succinctly, and to stand directly as solitary individuals before the divine. The 12 funnel-shaped, stained-glass windows serve as metaphors of nature. Unlike the colored glass of medieval churches that tried to concretely express the contents of the Bible, here, they fill the interior and exterior with the abstract motif of greenery, enabling visitors to continuously perceive nature.”Both inside and out, the exposed concrete of the chapel's structure has been left exposed, as part of a minimalist design approach that is echoed in the building’s blocky wooden furniture.

Title: TikTok Now Has Auto-Scroll
Details: As if it couldn’t be any more addicting, TikTok is now letting users enable an auto-scrolling mechanic to use the app hands-free.Right now, the feature is only available for a test group of users. But if you’re in that group, you can simply hold down a video and click a button that says “auto-scroll.” Your feed will now swipe through videos independently without you having to lift a finger.Some social media users were unsure of why exactly this feature was added, speculating that it was only implemented for when someone’s right hand is busy doing… something else.

Title: Musicians Consider Strike Over AI
Details: Hollywood musicians part of the American Federation of Musicians are in negotiations with the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers for a new contract. Key demands include AI protection, increased wages, and residual payments for streaming content.The contract comes in response to musicians earning 75% less from streaming content compared to traditional media and to AI posing risks of stealing content, such as recreating artists’ voices. The Federation of Musicians has 70,000 members in the U.S. and Canada.Tino Gagliardi, president and chief negotiator of the group: “Our musicians have been facing pay cuts over the last year because of the change of the business model and how our product is distributed. We’ve got to fix that so that our folks can continue to buy diapers, pay rent, pay mortgages, and have a decent wage with a decent retirement. Music is what gives our favorite movies and shows their soul, and these workers expect and deserve to be treated fairly and given the contract they’ve earned. We are going into these negotiations in good faith, and we hope the AMPTP is doing the same.”The move follows a year marked by strikes in Hollywood, including those by the Writers Guild of America and the Screen Actors Guild. The International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees also hints at a potential strike in 2024.

Title: U.S. Worried China Winning Moon Race
Details: NASA’s first human mission to the Moon in over five decades has been delayed from 2025 until September 2026, raising concerns among U.S. lawmakers about China beating the U.S. to the Moon. The delay is partly attributed to concerns that SpaceX's Starship won't be ready in time because its prototypes keep exploding.Representative Frank Lucas, chairman of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, said during a hearing: “The country that lands first will have the ability to set a precedent for whether future lunar activities are conducted with openness and transparency, or in a more restricted manner.”Representative Bill Posey even went so far as to say that by attaining the leading edge in the “ultimate military high ground” in space, the U.S. would “control the destiny of this Earth.”One member of Congress, Representative Zoe Lofgren, expressed concerns that paranoia of China will drive NASA to forgo safety considerations in the mission: “I want it to be successful, especially with China at our heels. And we want to be helpful here in the committee in ensuring that Artemis is strong and staying on track as we look to lead the world, hand-in-hand with our partners, in the human exploration of the Moon and beyond.”

Title: Dream Job: Get Paid To Sleep
Details: A bedroom furniture retailer in the UK is looking for someone to be its new chief sleep officer (CSO) to ensure the nation is receiving the best sleep. The role is part-time, spanning six months, and offers £10k ($12,700) for 874 hours of training, sleeping, and free shopping.The CSO will be responsible for testing Bensons for Beds’ mattresses, pillows, and bed frames. They will test one mattress every fortnight, four pillows per month, and one bed frame every six weeks. The job is fully remote, with candidates based in the UK and holding a relevant qualification in marketing or social media.The role also involves learning about mattress and bed supply chains, understanding sleep triggers, and adopting good sleep habits. This includes 14 hours of “in bed” training and visits to Benson's factory in Huntingdon.Carrie Westwell, head of HR at Bensons: “After a while, it’s understandable professionals will crave new opportunities and look elsewhere for something to fulfill their employment needs. It’s been interesting to find out the most common signs that someone needs to start the job search again. The new year is a great time to think about your career, but everyone else will probably be thinking about the same thing—so competition will be fierce.”

