Title: DeSantis Drops Out, Endorses Trump
Details: Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has ended his 2024 presidential campaign, offering his endorsement to former President Donald Trump in a video message on X.DeSantis said that following his second-place finish in Iowa: “It is clear to me that a majority of Republican primary voters want to give Donald Trump another chance. While I have had disagreements with Donald Trump ... Trump is superior to the current incumbent, Joe Biden. That is clear.”DeSantis also jabbed Haley on his way of the race, saying that Trump “has my endorsement because we can't go back to the old Republican guard of yesteryear--a repackaged form of warmed-over corporatism that Nikki Haley represents.”The Trump campaign said in a statement on Sunday that the former president is “honored” by DeSantis' endorsement. “It is now time for all Republicans to rally behind President Trump to defeat Crooked Joe Biden and end his disastrous presidency,” the campaign said.

Title: Cancer Vaccine Nears Final Trials
Details: Dr. Thomas Wagner has been working on developing a cancer vaccine, personalized for each patient. It uses the power of the immune system rather than traditional methods like chemotherapy, which kills off non-cancerous cells throughout the body, along with the cancer cells.The vaccine is designed to help the immune system recognize and attack cancer cells and has been tested in Phase 2 clinical trials on patients with advanced melanoma, showing promising results.Nearly 95% of patients who received only the vaccine were alive three years after treatment, and 64% were disease-free.Among the most advanced forms of melanoma, disease-free survival after three years for people with stage III disease was 60% in the vaccine-only group, compared to about 39% in the placebo group.Disease-free survival for those with stage IV disease was about 68% in the vaccine-only group, and zero in the placebo group.The FDA has greenlit a Phase 3 clinical trial for Wagner’s vaccine, aiming to enroll 500 people. This trial is crucial to validate the vaccine's effectiveness and could mark a significant breakthrough in cancer treatment.

Title: Study: Female Tears Comfort Men
Details: A new study in Israel has discovered that the smell of a woman’s tears can significantly reduce male aggression by about 43.7%. Researchers found a chemical compound in human tears that signals to men, lowering activity in two brain regions associated with aggression.The study involved 31 men who participated in a computer game designed to provoke aggressive responses. The men then sniffed either saline solution or women’s tears, with aggressive behavior notably lower when exposed to the tears.Noam Sobel, lead professor of neurobiology: “The reduction in aggression was impressive to us, it seems real. Whatever is in tears actually lowers aggression. Babies can’t say: ‘Stop being aggressive towards me.’ They are very limited in their ability to communicate, and they are helpless as well. But evolution may have provided babies with this tool to lower aggression. We definitely predict chemical signals in men’s tears too.”Previous work by the same researchers back in 2011 revealed that women’s tears may also lower testosterone levels and actually dampen sexual desire in men.

Title: Dave Chappelle Urges Unity In Comedy
Details: Dave Chappelle has taken aim at Katt Williams after insulting some of his peers including Ice Cube and Kevin Hartin in a viral podcast. Chappelle spoke up when he appeared on stage at MonDERAYS at the Hollywood Improv on January 19, an event hosted by comedian DeRay Davis.Chappelle: “What part of the game is this? He ethered n**gas. He didn’t say anything about any of these white boys. None of these white boys function like that. Katt is one of the best painters in the game. So why are you drawing ugly pictures of us? Stop. Hurt people hurt people, but I am a hurt person that never hurt people, and he does it all the time.”Impersonating Williams, Chapelle said, “‘Fuck this one, and fuck that one, and fuck this one,’ but, n**ga, I didn’t hear anything that you did wrong. He didn’t do nothin’ wrong? Katt didn’t do nothin’ wrong?… Katt was talking about shit that n**gas did to other n**gas, but not about anything that n**gas did to him.”

Title: L’Oreal CEO: Remote Workers Are Wack
Details: L’Oréal’s CEO spoke at the WEF in Davos, expressing strong views against the rise of remote working.L’Oréal, the world’s largest cosmetics company, employs over 88,000 people and requires them to be in the office a minimum of three days per week.Nicolas Hieronimus, L’Oréal’s CEO: “I know so many employees of so many companies other than L’Oréal that have been working from home for months, that have absolutely no attachment, passion or creativity. I think it’s vital to be in the office. It’s about serendipity. It’s about meeting people.”Hieronimus added that “working from home is actually very bad” for the mental clarity of workers with “small houses” or “young kids” in tow.He continued: “It’s vital for the company, and it’s vital for the employees. It’s also fair to the blue-collar workers that work every day in the factory. One of the reasons that we hit the ground running after Covid is that we did not do like many tech companies [did] and say everybody works from home all the time and now they say: ‘Oh my God, that was a mistake, please come back’,” seemingly referring to companies like Zoom and Meta who took sharp U-turns on their working from home stances, last year.

Title: Robot Dogs ‘Paint Like Picasso’
Details: Agnieszka Pilat has redefined art creation by using robot dogs from Boston Dynamics as her collaborators. These robots, named Basia, Vanya, and Bunny, paint with brushes held in their “mouths,” producing abstract art.Pilat trained these robots to perceive and navigate their surroundings using sensors, cameras, and AI.The robot dogs have been featured in a four-month residency at the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, Australia. Here, they create art autonomously in a custom-built studio, navigating using QR codes and returning to docking stations to recharge.The exhibit is called “Heterobota,” and the robots are fully autonomous. Pilat says this was a significant shift in her practice. Previously, she was always in the studio with the robots, where they felt more like an extension of her arm.Pilat says she wanted to use her art skills to train a new generation of painters and to give technology a voice. She says she sees technology as a form of life, and she wants to explore its potential for creativity and expression. She says she also wanted to challenge the perception that technology is cold, impersonal or even threatening. Instead, she says she wants to show that technology can be warm, playful and even artistic

Title: Dem Senator Warns About Immigration
Details: Democrat Senator John Fetterman publicly broke with his party, stating that the border crisis threatens to destroy the American dream as another 300,000 people approached the southern border.In an interview with CNN, the 54 year-old senator from Pennsylvania said, “I honestly don't understand why it's controversial to say we need a secure border. And [what] I think about immigration is, we want to provide the American Dream for any migrant.”“However, it seems very difficult when you have 300,000 people showing up, encountered at our border, to achieve that. I've been very clear, in fact, that was weaponized against me [by] Republicans in my race, that I'm very much a strong supporter of immigration, and you know, my wife's family, that's the origin story about that. You can be very supportive of immigration, but we also need to have a secure border.”Fetterman's comments come amid record-breaking migrant encounters at the U.S. southern border, with over 302,000 attempts in December alone, the highest total for a single month in history.

Title: Packages To Be Delivered Even Faster
Details: AI researchers are exploring innovative methods to optimize package delivery to customers.One company called Wing is focusing on last-minute items for nearby customers, like drinks and medication. The small aircraft can outpace a delivery truck driving out or a customer heading to the store, with an average flight time under 30 minutes. It recently joined with Walmart to help expand the retail giant’s deliveries in the greater Dallas-Fort Worth area.Shannon Nash, chief financial officer at Wing: “All roads lead to the autonomous route.”The time-consuming process of getting packages from the delivery truck to the customer’s door accounts for 20% to 50% of overall transportation supply-chain costs.Another company, Vault Robotics, is designing robots that hop off vans moving down the street and climb stairs to deliver packages.

Title: Chicago Mayor Having ‘Panic Attacks’
Details: Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson was reportedly hospitalized for panic attacks due to stress.Johnson has been under increasing pressure as illegal immigrants continue to pour into the city, fueled by Texas Governor Greg Abbott's bussing of the individuals from the border region to other cities.Earlier this month NYC faced backlash for moving nearly 2,000 migrants overnight from a tent shelter to a high school due to fears of an impending storm.

Title: Kidney Donor Has Favor Returned
Details: In a remarkable medical journey, Tony Gonzalez received a kidney transplant from Joely Sanders, an Arizona woman. Concurrently, Gonzalez's wife Tracey donated her kidney to Sanders' brother, Frank Pompa.Frank Pompa needed a kidney transplant after only 10% of his kidney was working. Joely Sanders, unable to donate directly to her brother, decided to help someone else, linking her to Tony Gonzalez through a living kidney program.Surgeons coordinated the transplants across states, with Sanders's kidney flown to Chicago for Tony Gonzalez, while Tracey Gonzalez's kidney was sent to Tucson for Pompa.This extraordinary act of kindness has created a deep connection between the two families, with both recipients expressing immense gratitude. Tony Gonzalez told Pompa, “We're connected now.”

