Title: Vault Aims To Hold All Knowledge
Details: The Arch Mission Foundation is creating a “Global Knowledge Vault” in a Swiss Alps bunker.This project stores human history on quartz disks, designed to survive nuclear holocausts.The vault holds Wikipedia, the Rosetta language archive, and will include books, photos, and cultural records.Nova Spivack, Arch Mission Chairman: “If something really bad happens on Earth, this will be our planetary insurance policy - our backup. It seems increasingly likely that something catastrophic could happen in our lifetime. This project is literally about saving the world - all our knowledge, history, art, science, and culture - so it can never be lost. It’s like the Seed Vault, but for information.”The unique facility is primarily used by firms to test structural engineering, mining and tunneling techniques. It is also used for research into smart use of underground space, such as underground farming, subspace energy and underground data centers.  The modern bunker even has its own restaurant and huge seminar space and despite being hundreds of yards beneath solid rock has strong WiFi and phone connection.

Title: Billy Joel Returns After 31 Years
Details: After 31 years, Billy Joel will release a new single, “Turn the Lights Back On.”The song, written with Freddy Wexler, Arthur Bacon, and Wayne Hector, features Joel's first lyrics since 2007.“Turn the Lights Back On” debuts on February 1, available digitally and on limited edition 7” vinyl, along with a lyric video.Joel's last pop album was 1993's River of Dreams, and he hinted at new material during his Madison Square Garden residency.Billy Joel, last month: “I have good news. I have bad news. I’ll give you the bad news first. We don’t have anything new to play for you. The good news is you don’t have to sit through something you have no idea what it is. Although we’ve got a little something we’ve been working on you might hear sometime.”

Title: Big Tech Is Entering Real Estate
Details: Big Tech companies like Alphabet Inc. and Meta are launching large-scale real estate projects near their headquarters.Google’s 153-acre project includes over 7,000 homes and 300,000 square feet of retail space. Meta's “Zucktown” features 1,700 residential units, a hotel, and office spaces.Amazon opts for a different approach with a $2 billion fund to support housing development in Arlington, Virginia, and other states.The Atlanta Fed found that corporate landlords are far more likely to evict tenants or, at least, use the threat of eviction. “Some of the largest firms file eviction notices on a third of their properties in a year and have an 18 percent higher housing instability rate even after controlling for property and neighborhood characteristics,” the researchers wrote.

Title: Kids See Stanley Cups As Status Sign
Details: Middle schoolers are being bullied for not having Stanley tumbler cups.

Title: Japan Using AI To Cure Labor Shortage
Details: Japan faces a severe labor shortage, affecting sectors from construction to agriculture. A major reason for this shortage is Japan's aging population.The Osaka World Expo construction is delayed due to a national shortage of construction workers. The event is similar to a world's fair, where different countries showcase their culture, technology, and achievements.For instance, some train services have had to stop offering certain amenities like food trolleys, and vending machines aren't being refilled as regularly as they should be. Japan is turning to technology solutions, using robots and AI to address the labor gap caused by an aging population and restrictive foreign labor policies. Companies like Toyota and Lotte are using trains for deliveries instead of trucks.Daniel Blank, CEO of Toggle: “Japanese companies are scouting for new technology all over the world. It’s really all driven by the shortage issue. With labor becoming more expensive and harder to find, you need to find new ways to deliver construction projects.”Yoichi Takamoto, CEO and founder of Tmsuk: “With 43% of Japanese farmers aged over 75 and the average age of all farmers at almost 68, Japan had little choice but to embrace a robot labor force.”

Title: Pikachu Returns To Van Gogh Museum
Details: The Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam plans to re-release Pikachu Van Gogh cards in mid-February or March after initial sales were halted by riots.These cards, celebrating the museum's 50th anniversary, feature Pikachu in the style of Van Gogh's Self-Portrait with Grey Felt Hat.Due to high demand and riots, the museum had previously limited and then canceled the card's production, leading to scalping at premium prices.The re-release will include tighter security at the museum store and availability in select Dutch stores, with a purchase requirement of €30 ($33) on Pokémon TCG merchandise.

Title: Flight Canceled Over Missing Bolts
Details: One Virgin Atlantic passenger noticed four missing screws on the wing of a flight before takeoff, leading to its cancellation.Passenger Phil Hardy: “I’m a good flyer, but my partner was not loving the information I was telling her and starting to panic, and I was trying to put her mind at rest as much as I could. I thought it was best to mention it to a flight attendant to be on the safe side.”Neil Firth, Airbus's local chief wing engineer: “Each of these panels has 119 fasteners, so there was no impact to the structural integrity or load capability of the wing, and the aircraft was safe to operate... As a precautionary measure, the aircraft underwent an additional maintenance check, and the fasteners were replaced.”The Virgin representative said the flight ended up being axed to “provide time for precautionary additional engineering maintenance checks, which allowed our team the maximum time to complete their inspections. The safety of our customers and crew is always our top priority and this was not compromised at any point. We always work well above industry safety standards and the aircraft is now back in service.”

Title: China Beats U.S. To ‘Dream Bullet’
Details: Chinese naval scientists have developed a smart shell for kinetic energy weapons that travels at Mach 7 and can be guided by the BeiDou satellite system with high accuracy.The team, led by Feng Junhong, designed an antenna that withstands intense electromagnetic radiation while receiving precise positioning signals.Feng Junhong: “We had no guidance, not even a cursory introduction to guided missile navigation systems, especially the satellite navigation component.”

Title: Lamborghini-Style EV Enters Market
Details: BYD, backed by Warren Buffett, has overtaken Tesla as the top electric vehicle seller globally, offering a diverse range of affordable cars.The Chinese automaker is expanding into the luxury market with its brand Yangwang, featuring a $150,000 supercar resembling a Lamborghini.Tu Le, consultant at Sino Auto Insights: “BYD has the China market completely covered for the most part.”Jin Songchang, a Chinese businessman: “I’ve always appreciated foreign brands more. BYD is the first one I decided to buy on the spot,” after being impressed with the U8 SUV’s capabilities.Wang Chuanfu said at its launch event that the U8 can run steadily on just three wheels if a tire bursts, thanks to its four powerful in-wheel motors. Jin placed a deposit the next day.

Title: New Blood Test Detects Alzheimer’s
Details: A new blood test could accurately screen for Alzheimer’s disease before symptoms appear.Nicholas Ashton, professor of neurochemistry: “What was impressive with these results is that the blood test was just as accurate as advanced testing like cerebrospinal fluid tests and brain scans at showing Alzheimer’s disease pathology in the brain.”The test is highly accurate in identifying beta-amyloid and tau, key biomarkers of Alzheimer’s.Preventive neurologist Dr. Richard Isaacson: “This is actually the test that has, at this time, among the best available evidence for being one single test for Alzheimer’s... This study takes us one really powerful step closer to having that test, and the beauty of this study is it also looked at people before they had symptoms.”

