Title: Man Plays Guitar To Remove Tumor
Details: A Florida man was instructed by doctors to play several songs on his guitar while undergoing surgery to take a tumor out of the right side of his frontal lobe.The procedure, an awake craniotomy, required Christian Nolen to be conscious to ensure his motor skills were not impaired. He played songs by the Deftones and System of a Down during the surgery.Fortunately, the tumor was completely removed. Nolan reflected: “It was just like out of this world, like, to just like wake up and like have people actively working inside of your head. It’s kind of an insane feeling. I had lost feeling in my whole left side. From the waist up, like, I wasn’t able to move my arm, my face began to drag. I’d only really heard of procedures of that nature being done in shows and movies. I felt like it was such a unique experience that I couldn’t pass up—especially with my motor skills being on the line.”Dr. Ricardo Komotar: “When a tumor is involving or near a critical part of the brain—something that controls the ability to speak or understand language or move—we want to do the surgery awake to continually monitor the patient, so you know if you start to violate normal brain functions.”

Title: Stock Market Continues To Peak
Details: The U.S. stock market continues to see new highs, with both the S&P 500 and Dow setting another record close today.Today, the S&P 500 gained 0.2% after the index notched its first record close since January 2022 on Friday, while the Dow rose 0.4% to close above the 38,000 level for the first time.Stocks in the tech-heavy Nasdaq jumped 0.3%, fueled by AI. One notable stock that has seen increased pressure, however, is Boeing, due to several of its aircraft experiencing incidents this month, including a door being ejected mid-flight.

Title: Vatican Rep: Tech Bros Playing God
Details: A leading voice on AI for the Vatican criticized Silicon Valley's “tendency to play God.”Franciscan friar Paolo Benanti is involved in advising the Pope and international discussions on AI’s impact. In an interview, he remarked: “There is a paternalism in Silicon Valley, a tendency to play God, meaning a desire to do good for people whether they like it or not, which I want to challenge.”Benanti critiqued the concept of “effective altruism” popular among tech elites, questioning the moral implications of such approaches: “Should you save a drowning man if he is Hitler’s father? And what if he is Hitler’s grandfather or great-grandfather? Effective altruists are wondering how many generations they should count and be prepared to sacrifice to stop Hitler, but you cannot make that decision. We are not the saviors of the world.”The friar also addressed the misuse of AI: “I am more worried about natural stupidity than artificial intelligence. They see this power and responsibility gives them a mission but often lack a philosophical foundation. There is a real search for spirituality, meaning the use of shamans and LSD. What it is, however, is a search for religion.”

Title: Scientists Baffled By Roman Objects
Details: For 300 years, archaeologists across Europe have been unearthing strange 12-sided metal objects known as Roman dodecahedra. They still have no idea what purpose the artifacts served.Cast from metal alloys, they feature a hollow center with holes on each face, varying slightly in size and design. Their many faces also bear no signs of text, numbers, or similar characters that could provide clues to their use. The latest discovery was made last year near Norton Disney, England, adding to the intrigue surrounding these objects.Richard Parker, secretary of the Norton Disney History and Archaeology Group: “There was a moment or two where we’re not sure what we’re looking at here. On the second-to-last day of our dig, I’m busy making the tea, as you do. It’s the middle of the morning and a big cry goes up, a bit of swearing, and then I go running over and [a different] Richard, who found the dodecahedron, was holding it up. For everybody, it was such a surreal moment because we’d just been expecting Roman pottery, and finding a very large lump of metal is extremely unusual. But then we knew pretty quickly we’d found something pretty significant.”

Title: Texas Hold ‘Em With Supreme Court
Details: The attorney general of Texas asserted that “the fight is not over” after the Supreme Court ruled that the U.S. government can destroy razor wire set up by the Lone Star state at the southern border. The 5-4 ruling came after the Biden administration said Texas’ migration measures prevented federal officials from exercising authority.Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement today: “The Supreme Court’s temporary order allows Biden to continue his illegal effort to aid the foreign invasion of America. The destruction of Texas’s border barriers will not help enforce the law or keep American citizens safe. This fight is not over, and I look forward to defending our state’s sovereignty.”Brandon Judd, president of the National Border Patrol Council, criticized the ruling: “Unfortunately, this means Border Patrol agents are going to be tied up dealing with give-ups rather than going after the criminal elements that constantly cross our borders illegally. The administration no doubt will say this is a win for border security, but if they sought rank and file input, they would be told this will do the exact opposite. Agents support what Texas was trying to accomplish in the absence of true border security policies from this administration.”The battle is one of a number between the federal government and Texas over the situation at the southern border. The DOJ has also sued the state over the deployment of buoys in the Rio Grande to stop illegal crossings.

Title: Lonely Giraffe Moved 1,200 Miles‍
Details: A giraffe who was reportedly very lonely in a zoo in Mexico has been relocated 1,200 miles to a conservation park elsewhere in the country, following a campaign by environmentalists.A crane carefully lifted a container holding Benito onto a truck while city dwellers in love with the animal said a bittersweet goodbye. “We love you, Benito,” some activists shouted.His journey took about 50 hours, with Benito’s new home offering a climate closer to his natural habitat and the company of other giraffes. The relocation process involved a custom-designed 16.5-foot container and careful transportation.Environmentalists had voiced concerns about the conditions of the zoo Benito was staying at, where weather in the summer is brutally hot and temperatures plunge during the winter.“We're a little sad that he’s leaving, but it also gives us great pleasure. The weather conditions are not suitable for him,” said Flor Ortega, a 23-year-old who said she had spent her entire life visiting Modesto the giraffe, which was at the zoo for two decades before dying in 2022, and then Benito, which arrived last May.

Title: Gen Z Flocks To ‘Homebuying Havens’
Details: Amid the least affordable housing market in over four decades, a new study reveals Gen Z finds more affordable housing options in the South and Midwest.The study ranked 100 major cities based on several metrics, including the median home price, average house price increases, home sales above listing price, and local unemployment and homeownership rates.According to the study, Fort Wayne, Indiana, and Corpus Christi, Texas, offer a window of opportunity for young Americans to buy homes. These cities have a low home price-to-income ratio, making them more accessible for Gen Z buyers.Cities like Detroit, Laredo, Memphis, Lincoln, Durham, Fort Worth, Aurora, and Scottsdale also appear favorable for young buyers. In these cities, home prices are less than or around ten times the median income of Gen Z.The study contrasts these cities with places like Irvine, California, where house prices are almost 33 times the median Gen Z income.Sam Khater, chief economist at Freddie Mac: “This is an encouraging development for the housing market and in particular first-time homebuyers who are sensitive to changes in housing affordability.”

Title: Apple Watch Saves Life
Details: A flight scare was averted after a British passenger, who happened to be a doctor, used a flight attendant’s Apple Watch to identify that an elderly passenger had low oxygen levels. The woman, in her 70s with a history of heart issues, was struggling to breathe mid-flight.Dr. Rashid Riaz noticed the woman experiencing difficulties and raced to borrow an Apple Watch from a crew member. “The Apple Watch helped me find out the patient had low oxygen saturation. I used a lot of my own learning during this flight on how to use the gadget. These things can save someone's life in an emergency situation,” he said.The doctor then used an oxygen cylinder to maintain the woman’s oxygen levels until the plane landed an hour later. The woman was able to walk off the aircraft with assistance.Riaz emphasized that products like the Apple Watch can be an effective tool to use in airplane emergencies: “These things can save someone's life in an emergency situation.”

Title: Philippine Prez Flies For Coldplay
Details: The president of the Philippines and his wife are facing citizen backlash after using a helicopter to attend a Coldplay concert, avoiding Manila’s notorious traffic. The city’s congestion was even mentioned by Coldplay's Chris Martin as possibly the “number one in the world.”Filipinos weren’t happy that President Ferdinand Marcos Jr. used taxpayer money for personal convenience instead of addressing the root of the problem. Activists are demanding transparency on the public funds spent on this trip.

Title: People Remember Old Taco Bell Prices
Details: Social media users are reminiscing over how cheap Taco Bell used to be, viewing the chain’s skyrocketed prices as an example of how bad inflation has gotten.One TikToker shared a 2012 Taco Bell receipt she somehow still had, which showed she paid just $2.59 for two beefy five-layer burritos. In 2024, the cost of just one of the burritos at Taco Bell is $3.69, with only a few items like the bean burrito and cheesy bean and rice burrito costing less than $2.59.“Where did we go wrong,” the receipt-bringer asked. “I remember when you felt kind of greedy if you spent more than $10 there, because that meant that you must have an insane amount of Taco Bell,” another user commented.To be sure, the price increases haven’t deterred customers—Taco Bell's sales grew 2-3% in the third quarter of 2023.

