Title: Cops Predict Suspect’s Face With DNA
Details: Police in California used DNA to predict a suspect’s face and then tried to run facial recognition on it—the first known instance of this happening, and likely not the last.In 2017, the East Bay Regional Park District Police Department revisited the 1990 murder of Maria Jane Weidhofer, utilizing new DNA technology to generate a suspect's facial image. They received help from the company Parabon NanoLabs, which created a 3D rendering of the suspect based on DNA evidence. The report depicted a male with fair skin, brown eyes and hair, no freckles, and bushy eyebrows.The department then released the generated image to the public, a decision deemed controversial. In 2020, a detective requested to run the image through facial recognition software, despite it being against Parabon NanoLabs' terms of service.“Using DNA found at the crime scene, Parabon Labs reconstructed a possible suspect’s facial features,” the detective explained in a request for “analytical support” sent to the Northern California Regional Intelligence Center. “I have a photo of the possible suspect and would like to use facial recognition technology to identify a suspect/lead.”The detective’s request has just been unveiled, found in a trove of hacked police records published by the transparency collective Distributed Denial of Secrets.Jennifer Lynch, general counsel at civil liberties nonprofit Electronic Frontier Foundation: “It’s really just junk science to consider something like this. There’s no real evidence that Parabon can accurately produce a face in the first place. It’s very dangerous because it puts people at risk of being a suspect for a crime they didn’t commit.”

Title: Pentagon: Space Is Next Battlefield
Details: U.S. military leaders are repeatedly emphasizing that space is the future battlefield, going so far as to describe it as the “most essential” domain for the U.S.Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks said during a Pentagon ceremony: “Both Russia and China are evolving their military doctrines to extend into space. They're both deploying capabilities that can target GPS and other vital space-based systems, and we've seen both countries conduct operations against us and our allies and partners to degrade our space advantages. Our competitors' aggressive actions seek to turn space into a warfighting domain.”Optimistically, she remarked that “America's dynamic commercial space industry enables it and also enables the United States to significantly outpace [China's] growth in space launches and payloads over the last five years.”Christopher Grady, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, stressed further that “space has emerged as our most essential warfighting domain—integral to our national security, our coalition interoperability and our global stability.”For years, U.S. military officials have been making statements about the ongoing militarization of Earth’s orbit. To counter such threats, the Space Force has been conducting training exercises in recent years to simulate “on-orbit combat” and has been expanding its capability to keep tabs on threats in space, both known and unknown.

Title: Hotel Venture Wants To Win Over Gen Z
Details: Sam Nazarian, CEO of hospitality company sbe, is re-entering the hotel industry after a three-year hiatus. Unlike the high-end audience he previously targeted, he now wants to focus on Gen Z and millennials, offering an affordable brand aimed at younger travelers.Nazarian said he plans to open 50 hotels internationally by 2030 under the new flag, currently called Project HQ Hotels & Residences. The new brand will rely heavily on its food and drink and partner with influencers on YouTube. He’ll also be joining forces with Wyndham Hotels & Resorts, which describes itself as the largest hotel franchisor in the world.Geoff Ballotti, CEO of Wyndham: “It will be in that really upscale, lifestyle, luxury experience that’s affordable.”

Title: Futurist: Inner Child Will Be Needed
Details: Dutch futurist Lidewij Edelkoort anticipates that in the next few years, we will look more to our inner child as a source of inspiration.“I'm craving fantasy—I don't know where it comes from, but it's there,” she said during Dubai Design Week. “I'm craving almost childish initiatives and design, I'm craving colour, I'm craving painting, motif, and ornamental finishes. It's been building up for a few years. I really believe in the return of Arts and Crafts, as it has been described by William Morris. And I think it might also be our future.”She added: “As a kid, you always want to use cardboard to make a new building, or a box becomes your house. And sure enough, [interior designer] Max Lamb recently made an exhibition of cardboard furniture. That's how trends work—he's maybe not going back to childhood, but I use this way of thinking and then we come together on a similar idea.”Other predictions by Edelkoort include a “universal allowance of money” and a new “age of the amateur,” spurred by AI and robots, which will make us question the reason for our existence since it will no longer be tied to work. “We will have to give a reason for being here,” she said. “A baby will be born without a future and no reason to be born, because there's no way there's going to be work—if we define the future as work, which we do.”

Title: Monkey Recognizes Rescuer Years Later
Details: A touching reunion between a monkey and a man who rescued him four years ago was captured in Bolivia. The pair had been together for two years afterward but later separated.The viral video shows the spider monkey named Mikah approaching and hugging rescue worker Casey Cooper, demonstrating recognition and affection despite being separated for years.Cooper: “I was there during the rescue process and have been a big part of Mikah's journey. I didn't know if two years was too long for her and the others to remember me. Monkeys are highly intelligent beings, so I figured she would, but I didn't know if her and the others would still be comfortable being near me. But sure enough when I saw her, she made her way down from the tree and walked up to me to give me a very warm welcome and show off her pregnant belly.”Monkeys are noted for their exceptional affection and connection to humans. Last October, one primate made the news for traveling 25 miles to attend the funeral of a man who fed him.

Title: Jack Ma Is Now A Hi-Tech Farmer
Details: Jack Ma, Alibaba’s co-founder who has an estimated net worth of $24 billion, has been maintaining a low profile since his critique of Chinese regulators in 2020, which reportedly led to a crackdown on his business empire. His latest venture now is hi-tech agriculture.Starting in October 2021, he was spotted in Spain learning about agriculture and technology related to environmental issues. In May 2023, Tokyo College announced he would be taking up a teaching position while researching sustainable agriculture and food production. And in November, Ma incorporated a company named “Hangzhou Ma's Kitchen Food,” which is involved in the sales of pre-packaged food and the processing and retail of agricultural products.While Ma has not explained his interest in farming, Brian Wong, a close associate, said that the entrepreneur “had always been moved by how the digital economy helped connect rural communities to growth opportunities.” Agriculture was thus “an extension of Ma's recognition that there are issues such as the climate crisis, scarcity, and inequality that need to be addressed, with technology as a driver.”The most Ma has publicly said about agriculture is in a video message to rural teachers, in which he stated: “I found that a place that does well in agriculture is not necessarily a place with good resources, but a place with unique thinking and people with imagination.”

Title: Saudi Demands Palestinian State
Details: A top diplomat in Saudi Arabia asserted that the kingdom will not normalize relations with Israel without a credible path to Palestinian statehood. Israel’s government has stated that’s a non-starter.Prince Faisal bin Farhan: “As long as we’re able to find a pathway to a solution, a resolution, a pathway that means that we’re not going to be here again in a year or two, then we can talk about anything. But if we are just resetting to the status quo before Oct. 7, in a way that sets us up for another round of this, as we have seen in the past, we’re not interested in that conversation.”The conflict over Gaza's future continues amid a destructive war, with over 25,000 Palestinians killed and two-thirds of these casualties being women and children.Before the conflict, the U.S. had attempted to broker an agreement for Saudi-Israeli normalization, but the efforts were halted due to disagreements.

Title: Harambe Documentary Vindicates Ape
Details: The documentary “Harambe,” released in late 2023, delves into the tragic story of the silverback gorilla killed at the Cincinnati Zoo in 2016 after a child entered his enclosure. Unreleased photos and videos featured in the film provide new alleged proof that Harambe tried to return the boy to his parents, challenging narratives about the incident.Harambe was fatally shot in 2016 by a zookeeper to protect a three-year-old child who had fallen into his enclosure and was dragged around for about ten minutes.The documentary also explores the psychological and physical impacts on primates in captivity and the complex history of zoos. It critiques how zoos, with colonial origins, have been ingrained in the culture as family entertainment.Proceeds from the film will support NGOs aiding gorillas out of captivity and in the wild.

Title: Chinese Mall Features Ski Slope
Details: An architectural studio behind skyscrapers in Saudi Arabia is now constructing a shopping mall in China that will feature the world’s largest indoor ski center.10 Design’s Huafa Snow World will include retail areas, restaurants, entertainment facilities, and a 272-foot-high indoor ski slope.“The visionary design for Huafa Snow World solidifies its strategic position at the heart of the burgeoning tech hub, Qianhai Bay,” says 10 Design. The ski resort's roof will be outfitted with solar panels to reduce grid-based energy needs, and a water management system will collect rainwater for landscape irrigation. The project is expected to be completed by 2025.

Title: Reality Show Seeks Adult Virgins
Details: A British channel is seeking adult virgins, including those who “identify as virgins,” for a new reality series that aims to help them overcome sexual fears.“The Intimacy Retreat” is open to individuals 21 and older. If selected, they’ll be “guided in the art of intimacy on a Mediterranean island retreat.” Sexologists will take a “radical and entirely new approach” to help participants “overcome their fears and insecurities when it comes to intimacy and sex.”Channel 4 said it is creating the series as “young people feel less attached,” noting that one in eight 26-year-old Brits are still virgins, which used to be one in 20.The channel encouraged people who have social anxiety, body image issues, and those who may have exited a “religious group” to apply. “We aim to handle all conversations in a sensitive and non-judgmental way,” the network said on its site.

