Title: ‘No Cash Accepted’ Is Spreading
Details: Businesses across the U.S. are increasingly refusing to take cash, posing a problem for the six million Americans who don’t have a bank account. Globally, the group includes over a billion people.A survey conducted by the FDIC found that the primary reason for not having a bank account is the inability to meet minimum balance requirements, identified by 40% of the “unbanked” respondents. Skepticism and distrust toward banks also contribute to people avoiding bank accounts. About one-third of survey respondents preferred avoiding banks for more privacy, while a similar proportion expressed a lack of trust in these institutions.Even among the “banked,” there are concerns about banks exercising even more control over lives. Cash provides one of the few refuges from technology and is physical, letting people feel like they own something. With it increasingly being phased out, some activists warn that ownership over finances will feel out of our hands more than ever.

Title: Study: Best Places To Live Abroad
Details: A new survey polling over 12,000 expats living in 172 countries or territories has identified the top ten best places to live abroad.Mexico topped the list, with 89% of expats saying that locals are kind to foreigners. Housing is also affordable, and 71% of expats are happy with the cost of living. The cons: 18% of expats say they don’t feel safe in the country.Spain came in second, receiving praise for how easy it is for foreigners to settle in (80% of expats say they feel right at home). Many expats there also love Spain’s nightlife and sports scene, as well as the cost of living.The rest of the top destinations include Spain, Panama, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, Costa Rica, the Philippines, Bahrain, and Portugal. These countries were rated highly for factors like ease of settling in, cost of living, and expat satisfaction.Moving to a foreign country is increasingly becoming attractive—a poll last October found that over 37% of Americans aged 18 to 26 desire to live abroad indefinitely. The primary motivations include access to better programs like universal health care, new cultural experiences, the high cost of living in the U.S., and the current political climate.

Title: H&M Takes Down School Uniform Ad
Details: H&M has taken down an advertisement for children’s school uniforms in Australia after people claimed it promoted the sexualization of children.The ad featured two school-aged girls wearing a uniform, looking over their shoulders at the camera. The caption above their heads read: “Make those heads turn in H&M’s Back to School fashion.”An Australian writer first posted a screenshot of the ad on X, writing: “Little schoolgirls generally don’t want to ‘turn heads.’ The large numbers I engage with in schools want to be left alone to learn and have fun and not draw unwanted attention to their appearance.”In response to the post, several users called the ad “disturbing,” “atrocious,” and claimed that it was “objectifying and sexualizing little girls.”H&M told media on Tuesday that it removed the ad and that it was “deeply sorry for the offense” it caused. The company said it will be more careful with how it presents campaigns in the future.

Title: Pizza Hut Japan Now Has Ramen Pizza
Details: Pizza Hut in Japan has launched a unique culinary creation for a limited time: the Ramen Pizza.The dish, available from January 22 to February 12, features a doughy crust topped with cheese, cooked ramen noodles, and a creamy ramen sauce instead of traditional marinara. It’s garnished with scallions, promising a distinctive taste experience.Past unique offerings from the chain have included Grilled Rib Pizza, Shrimp Gratin, and Caramel Marshmallow Pizza.

Title: ‘Vultures’ Trailer Releases
Details: Ye has released the trailer, directed by Jon Rafman, for “Vultures.”Volume 1: February 9Volume 2: March 8Volume 3: April 5

Title: Netflix Buys Rights To ‘WWE Raw’
Details: Netflix has acquired exclusive rights to “WWE Raw,” marking its first significant venture into live event broadcasting.The streaming giant agreed to pay $5 billion over ten years for the rights, making the broadcast exclusively available on Netflix in the U.S. and other territories. It’s a strategic move by Netflix to diversify its content offerings and enter the live events market, expanding beyond its traditional streaming services.A spokesperson for Netflix declined to comment on the specifics of the deal, maintaining confidentiality regarding the agreement's financial aspects.

Title: Man Sues Macy’s For False Face ID
Details: A 61-year-old man is suing Macy’s, claiming its facial recognition led to him being falsely imprisoned and sexually assaulted in jail.In 2022, Harvey Murphy Jr. was booked on charges he’d held up employees at gunpoint inside a Sunglass Hut in a Houston shopping center. A representative of a nearby Macy’s told police that the company’s system, which scanned surveillance-camera footage for faces in an internal shoplifter database, found evidence that Murphy had robbed both stores, leading to his arrest.Murphy says in the lawsuit that while he was in jail, he was beaten and raped by three men in a bathroom. Hours after his sexual assault, prosecutors released him with all charges dropped, discovering that Murphy was in Sacramento when the robbery happened.“It is a day-to-day personal pain in your heart and your soul about what happened. I’m terrified by the idea that it could happen again at any time,” he told The Washington Post.Murphy has filed a lawsuit seeking $10 million in damages against Macy’s, Sunglass Hut’s parent company EssilorLuxottica, and three individuals involved in the case. He claims the assault left him with lifelong injuries.

Title: China Opens World’s Deepest Lab
Details: China has opened the world’s deepest and largest underground laboratory 7,800 feet below a mountain to hunt for dark matter.Dark matter makes up an estimated 95% of the universe, but it’s challenging to detect due to its minimal interaction with visible matter and light. The lab's deep location helps shield experiments from cosmic radiation and background noise. The thick mountains of the Sichuan province should help fend off up to 0.000001% of the radiation that hits the Earth from space, according to Nature News.

Title: United Airlines Turns On Boeing
Details: The CEO of United Airlines is considering moving away from Boeing after the aircraft carrier experienced a month full of incidents.“I’m disappointed that… this keeps happening at Boeing. This isn’t new,” said Scott Kirby in an interview on CNBC. “We need Boeing to succeed. But they’ve been having these consistent manufacturing challenges. They need to take action here.”Boeing’s woes began on January 5 when a door plug blew off an Alaska Air flight while the plane was 16,000 feet in the air. This led to the Federal Aviation Authority grounding all 737 Max 9 jets, of which United owns more than 70.On January 13, a Boeing 737-800 aircraft from Japan was forced to turn around after a crack was found in the cockpit window. Five days later, a Boeing 747 cargo plane made an emergency landing in Miami after an engine malfunctioned, leaving a trail of flames.“I think the Max 9 grounding is probably the straw that broke the camel’s back for us,” said Kirby. “We’re going to build a plan that doesn’t have the Max 10 in it.”

Title: Phones Impact The Way You Walk
Details: Phones are making people walk slower and are producing “text neck,” according to new studies.“You see a number of gait changes that reflect slowing down,” said Patrick Crowley, a project manager at the Technical University of Denmark. “People take shorter steps and spend longer time with both feet on the ground.”Looking down at a phone also increases load on the neck and upper back muscles, contributing to “text neck” symptoms. This posture can decrease balance, raising the risk of stumbles or falls.One study compared the experiences between people who used their phones while walking and those who didn’t. “Generally, when people go for a walk, they feel better afterwards, and this is what we saw in the phone-free walking group. In the phone-walking groups, these effects were reversed. Instead of feeling more positive after walking, people felt less positive—less excited, less happy, less relaxed,” said Elizabeth Broadbent, a professor of health psychology.Still, it’s unlikely things will change. One study of college students found that a quarter of people crossing intersections were glued to a device.

