Title: Crematorium Stores Ashes In Vinyl
Details: A crematorium in the UK has partnered with a record production company to offer a service that presses a deceased person’s ashes into a vinyl record.The service allows for customization of the record, including cover art and album sleeves, with options for clear, black, or multicolored vinyl. Customers can add personal touches like homemade music or voice memos to the record.Matthew Brook of the Westerleigh Group, which owns the crematorium: “I wouldn't even hesitate to have this done for myself, I think music plays such an important part in people’s lives. You do have those songs that you think about and you think about a certain person.”Prices for creating a vinyl record with a loved one’s ashes range from £1,490 (about $1,800) to £1,755 (about $2,223). The crematorium also offers other unique services, such as sending “letters to heaven” and the option to send ashes to space.

Title: Apple Delays Car To 2028
Details: Apple’s long-anticipated electric vehicle has been delayed to 2028 at the earliest. The company initially aimed to create a fully driverless car but has pivoted to a less ambitious model.Originally, Apple envisioned creating a car without a steering wheel and pedals, but that idea is off the table for now. The iPhone developer is now returning to more basic technology aligned with current Tesla capabilities, with some Apple executives reportedly skeptical that a vehicle could ever provide the kind of profit margins as iPhones.Notably, many of the project’s executives hail from car companies, including Ford, Porsche, and Lamborghini.

Title: Study: School Makes You Live Longer
Details: A comprehensive study has found a direct link between education and increased life expectancy. The research, drawing on data from industrialized and developing countries, shows that each year of full-time education reduces an adult's mortality risk by 2%.Completing primary, secondary, and tertiary education can lower the risk of death by 34% compared to those with no formal education. This benefit is akin to a lifetime of healthy eating. Conversely, not attending school at any point is as detrimental to adult health as heavy drinking or smoking.Neil Davies, a professor of medical statistics at University College London, praised the study as “an impressive piece of work.”“It’s worth noting that the increased rates of absence from school have major consequences beyond their effect on health,” he emphasized.

Title: Fast Food Quietly Employing Robots
Details: A startup called Aniai has raised $12 million to build a burger-grilling robot, investing the money into its first manufacturing facility in South Korea. The innovation comes amid estimates that restaurants could replace more than 80% of positions with robots, with the technology saving anywhere from 30% to 70% of labor costs.Ania’s flagship product, Alpha Grill, is a burger-grilling robot equipped with a cloud-based AI software platform called “Alpha Cloud.” It can cook 200 patties per hour.“Burger chains hire six to eight kitchen staff per shift to grill burgers,” Aniai CEO Gunpil Hwang said. “Alpha Grill enables restaurants to engage only one staff member to grill burgers.”Strikingly, Hwang said the grill already has 500 pre-orders for delivery starting in the first quarter of 2024. Other companies in this space include Miso Robotics, which is behind Flippy, a burger-flipping robot; Botinkit, a cooking robot maker in China; and Chef Robotics in San Francisco.

Title: State Bill Would Make Porn A Felony
Details: A state senator in Oklahoma has proposed a law that would classify watching pornography as a felony. It would also ban sexting among unmarried individuals.Set to be introduced next month, Senator Dusty Deevers’ measure defines “obscene material” as the depiction or description of any “acts of sexual intercourse,” including those that are “normal or perverted, actual or simulated.” Content depicting sodomy and masturbation would also be off the table, in addition to videos, movies, video games, and text messages that involve “sadomasochistic abuse” and “acts of excretion in a sexual context.”Additionally, pictures of human genitals or women’s breasts would be banned as well as “lewd exhibition” of the “buttocks.” It would carry prison sentences of up to a year and $2,000 fines. The bill also allows state residents to sue anyone who produces or promotes such content for $10,000.Married couples are exempt from the ban, provided they only share explicit content they created together.The bill comes amid a growing trend of conservative states restricting access to online porn, with states such as Utah and Montana requiring sites like PornHub to verify all users’ ages using third-party software.

Title: Schiaparelli Unveils Robot Baby Doll
Details: Daniel Roseberry, the creative director of French fashion house Schiaparelli, showcased a unique couture collection during Paris Fashion Week on Monday that included a life-size robot baby doll and a short cocktail dress, both completely covered in tech waste. Old phones, calculators, wires, motherboards, and CDs are used as embellishments.Roseberry said the toddler was a reference to the “Alien” movies, adding that he drew inspiration from personal memories and the trend of AI-generated fashion. “Now, the technology I grew up with is so antiquated that it’s almost as difficult to source as certain vintage fabrics and embellishments,” he wrote in the show notes.The collection comes at a time when Y2K nostalgia has become prevalent, clinging to a time when the internet and other technological marvels were in their infancy and a new aesthetic was being born.

Title: Unhappy Workers Cost Companies $1.9T
Details: Disgruntled employees in the U.S. have led to an estimated $1.9 trillion loss in productivity for companies in the past year.Research from Gallup indicates a decline in employee engagement, which had been improving for a decade but peaked in 2020. The pandemic’s aftermath played a crucial role in this downturn.A key issue identified is that more employees feel detached from their employers, leading to a lack of clarity about their roles and expectations. This confusion contributes to reduced engagement and satisfaction in the workplace.Gallup calculated the cost of reduced productivity by estimating the dollar value impact of an employee being unengaged and then extrapolating that for the working population. The overall hit to the global economy totaled an estimated $8.8 trillion.Jim Harter, chief scientist for Gallup’s workplace practice: “There’s definitely an expectation among the new workforce to have more of a coaching-manager type who really thinks about their development. They’re demanding work to improve their life, not just to be a separate thing.”

Title: Putin Subjects Prisoners To Pop Music
Details: Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who is currently jailed in a remote Arctic Circle prison, claimed on social media (which he still has access to) that he is forced to wake up at 5AM every morning to listen to a pro-Putin pop anthem.The song, performed by Yaroslav Dronov, stage name Shaman, is called “I'm Russian” and is fiercely pro-Putin. The chorus of the pop anthem is: “I’m Russian. I’ll fight to the end/ I’m Russian, my father’s blood flows in me, hey-hey/ I’m Russian and I’m lucky with this fact/ I’m Russian to spite the whole world.”Navalny, serving a 19-year sentence on charges of extremism, wrote on X: “And here, every day at 5 o’clock in the morning, we hear the command: ‘Wake up!’, followed by the Russian national anthem. Immediately afterward, the country’s second most important song is played—I’m Russian by Shaman.”

Title: Teens Are Scammed More Than Seniors
Details: A survey has found that Gen Z is more susceptible to online scams than boomers. Specifically, teens are three times more likely to fall for online scams than their grandparents.In 2022, victims under 20 lost $210 million, with the amount of money lost by this age group rising nearly 2,500% in the last five years. The types of scams include phishing, identity theft, romance scams, and cyberbullying. Gen Z also experiences higher rates of social media account hacking.The results came as somewhat of a surprise to researchers, as they thought young people would be less susceptible due to their tech savviness. The likely explanation is that Gen Z uses technology more, and they’re more comfortable with it, leading young people to put their guard down.

Title: Tallest U.S. Building… In Oklahoma
Details: Oklahoma City is set to be home to the new tallest skyscraper in the U.S., surpassing Manhattan's Freedom Tower. The Boardwalk at Bricktown Tower is planned to reach a height of 1,907 feet.Right now, developers are requesting approval from the city’s zoning board. If all goes as planned, the structure would be the fifth tallest in the world.The project would span five million square feet and include 1,776 residential units, two Hyatt hotels, condos, and 110,000 square feet of space for commercial and community use.“The symbolic height honors the year that Oklahoma was admitted as the 46th state of the United States,” Matteson Capital said in a statement.

