Title: 11-Year-Old Deaf Boy Can Hear Again
Details: An 11-year-old boy born deaf experienced hearing for the first time following successful gene therapy at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia.While hundreds of millions of people in the world live with hearing loss that is defined as disabling, Aissam is among those whose deafness is congenital. His is an extremely rare form, caused by a mutation in a single gene, otoferlin. Otoferlin deafness affects about 200,000 people worldwide.This groundbreaking treatment marked the first instance of gene therapy being used for congenital deafness in the United States.Aissam: “There’s no sound I don’t like. They’re all good.”

Title: Oscars Picks Ken Over Barbie
Details: The Oscars has sparked backlash for nominating Ryan Gosling, who portrayed Ken in the feminist-comedy “Barbie,” without also nominating the titular star Margot Robbie. Director Greta Gerwig was also absent from the nominations.The female-fronted film scored nominations for Best Picture, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Costumes, Best Production Design and two for Best Original Song.One X user: “No nomination for Margot Robbie or Greta Gerwig for the #Oscars but Ryan Gosling gets one. Literally the whole point of the Barbie film.”Another user: “Ryan Gosling, while deserving, got an Oscar nomination for Barbie while Greta Gerwig and Margot Robbie didn’t? Completely proving the point of the movie in 20 fucking 24 you cannot make this up.”

Title: Tristan Thompson Banned For 25 Games
Details: Tristan Thompson, Cleveland Cavaliers forward, has been suspended for 25 games due to a violation of the NBA's anti-drug program.The NBA confirmed that Thompson tested positive for ibutamoren and SARM LGD-4033, both considered performance-enhancing substances.The suspension is set to begin on Wednesday when the Cavaliers play against the Milwaukee Bucks.Thompson, who recently rejoined the Cavaliers and changed his jersey number back to 13, has not publicly commented on the suspension.In the current season, Thompson has averaged 3.8 points, 3.9 rebounds, and 1.1 assists over 36 games.

Title: Poll: Immigration Is Top Voter Issue
Details: A new Harvard CAPS-Harris poll reveals that immigration has surpassed inflation as the top policy concern among U.S. voters in January.The poll found that 35% of respondents listed immigration as their primary concern, a 7 percentage point increase from the previous month, while 32% named inflation.64% of respondents believe conditions at the U.S.-Mexico border are worsening, with a broad majority favoring tougher border enforcement.

Title: Dwayne Johnson Trademarks ‘The Rock’
Details: Dwayne Johnson has gained full ownership of his name “The Rock” as part of a deal with TKO Group Holdings. He has also been appointed to their Board of Directors.Johnson “My grandfather, High Chief Peter Maivia, and my dad, Rocky ‘Soulman’ Johnson, would’ve never thought this day would come. Which is why I’m very humbled to have a seat at the table that has decades of history and family legacy for me. A table that my family helped to build. Being on the TKO Board of Directors, and taking full ownership of my name, ‘The Rock’, is not only unprecedented, but incredibly inspiring as my crazy life is coming full circle.”He added: “At my core, I’m a builder who builds for and serves the people, and [TKO CEO Ariel Emanuel] is building something truly game changing. I’m very motivated to help continue to globally expand our TKO, WWE, and UFC businesses as the worldwide leaders in sports and entertainment—while proudly representing so many phenomenal athletes and performers who show up every day putting in the hard work with their own two hands to make their dreams come true and deliver for our audiences. I’ve been there, I’m still there and this is for them.”As for the trademark part of this deal, the agreement between WWE and Johnson includes “promotional, licensing, and other services,” as well as an “intellectual property assignment agreement” under which he secures ownership of the name.

Title: China Backtracks Gaming Crackdown
Details: China’s National Press and Publication Administration has withdrawn its draft rules aimed at curbing “obsessive” gaming, which included restrictions on in-game purchases and playtime.The proposed regulations, which were removed from the NPPA website, had initially caused a significant drop in the market value of major gaming companies like Tencent Holdings and NetEase.Ivan Su, a senior analyst at Morningstar: “I think this type of sentiment will probably last for quite some time, unless we get a very drastic turnaround in government rhetoric, or unless we get some super supportive policies.”The gaming industry in China, the world's largest online gaming market, has frequently faced regulatory challenges, including a 2021 crackdown limiting gaming time for children and an eight-month halt in granting gaming licenses.The uncertainty in the regulatory environment has led Chinese gaming companies to expand overseas, with NetEase and Tencent investing in companies in France, Japan, and the U.S.

Title: Oreo Is Launching Someone Into Space
Details: Oreo is offering a chance to win a six-hour journey to the edge of space. Reportedly, no special training is required, and there’s no weightlessness or heavy g-forces involved.This move comes as the brand introduces “Oreo Space Dunk Cookies,” a new galaxy-inspired limited-edition cookie, featuring blue and pink “cosmic creme” with a marshmallowy flavor and popping candies.Michelle Deignan, vice president of Oreo U.S.: “Oreo cookies are all about transporting fans to a place full of excitement and childlike curiosity. We’re over the moon about partnering with Space Perspective to give one lucky fan the opportunity to dunk an Oreo cookie while gliding through space.”Jane Poynter, founder of Space Perspective: “Together, we have put innovation, accessibility, playfulness, and the spirit of exploration at the heart of this partnership – not to mention taking Oreo cookies where they’ve never gone before!”The winner will also get a world-class meal and cocktail service, complimentary Oreo cookies, Wi-Fi, and a Space Spa with a bathroom.

Title: Gen Z Refusing 9-5 Work Culture
Details: One TikToker has sparked a conversation by advocating for a five-hour workday, rejecting the traditional 9-to-5 schedule.Anthony Voulgaris argues that working from 9AM to 2PM would be “perfect,” allowing for a better work-life balance, including time for leisure activities like going to the beach.Voulgaris: “It is not something I am willing to do, it is something I want to do, and it is not something I particularly plan for myself. Whoever designed society, I think they designed it wrong! You know, they designed it with flaws.”Gary Fahey, a workplace expert: “Workplaces have moved to a more flexible work environment that allows part-time work, work from home, and other hybrid models that may fit better into a young person’s values and view of the world. While one might get the option to work only nine to two, the trade-off might be a reduction in salary or flexibility with available workdays.”

Title: Man Signs Waiver For Hotel Burger
Details: An American visitor to Toronto was surprised to sign a waiver at a Hilton hotel restaurant for ordering a hamburger.The waiver was to absolve the hotel of any liability for foodborne illnesses arising from the burger not being well-done, as per the Ontario food safety guide.The man posted: “I ordered my burger medium and the waiter took it with no question or comment,” he wrote in a post captioned “Toronto burger came with a release form.”He continued: “She brought it and it looked great! When I had my first bite she brought me a release form and said we always make our burgers well done, but since you wanted it medium … you should sign this.”An Australian lawyer commented: “It is so beyond normal practice that it just blows my mind and baffles me that anyone ever thought this was a good idea… It’s just horrible marketing; imagined saying to the world ‘I am so unsure of my capacity to do something fundamental to my job like cooking a basic meal that I need you to accept liability for how poor I am at my job.’”Hilton clarified that this waiver practice is not standard for all Hilton hotels but specific to that particular location.

Title: 99-Year-Old Swimmer Breaks 3 Records
Details: A 99-year-old Canadian swimmer has shattered world records in the 100 to 104-year-old age class.At a swim meet in Saanich, British Columbia, Betty Brussel broke the existing world record in the 400-meter freestyle, 50-meter backstroke, and 50-meter breaststroke.Betty had no prior competitive swimming experience until her mid-sixties.Brussel: “When I’m racing, I don’t think about anything. Nothing. I just count the laps, so that I know how many I have left. I always try to find a pace that I can sustain – you’re asking a lot from your body in these races. And on the last lap, well, I give it everything I have. I don’t even think about the records. I just do the best I can. And if it’s a record fine. If I win, I’m happy to win. But if I have a good time, I’m happier.”

