Title: Coachella Has Slowest Sales In Decade
Details: Tickets for Coachella 2024 went on sale last Friday, and for the first time in ten years, they’re still up for grabs four days later. This year’s lineup features Doja Cat, Lana Del Rey, and No Doubt.From 2014 to 2022, tickets sold out in a window ranging from just 40 minutes in 2015 to slightly more than four hours in 2022.

Title: China May Be First Nation With UBI
Details: Since 2021, Xi Jinping has used the phrase “common prosperity” to describe his policy goals for China. This framing has led analysts to believe the nation has moved beyond its rapid growth stage and is now focused on reducing inequality to maintain stability. Universal Basic Income (UBI) is a possible option for achieving this.The country’s officials have repeatedly emphasized the need to increase domestic demand, citing the fact that China’s current median disposable income is about $7,200 in urban areas and about $3,015 in rural areas, compared to about $45,000 in the U.S. Chinese consumer confidence has fallen almost 10% from its high and now stands at a lower level than ever, including during COVID.The chief economist of the Bank of China has effectively proposed a UBI model that would establish public investment funds financed by state-owned enterprises. The profits would be distributed universally to the entire population as annual dividends.

Title: Ray Kurzweil Releasing New Book
Details: Futurist Ray Kurzweil, known for his optimistic outlook on the future and his foresight into AI and other emerging technologies, is releasing a new book. It will serve as the sequel to his landmark book “The Singularity Is Near,” which explores how technology will transform the human race in the decades to come.The description for the successor, “The Singularity Is Near: When We Merge with Computers,” reads: “In this entirely new book Ray Kurzweil brings a fresh perspective to advances toward the Singularity—assessing his 1999 prediction that AI will reach human level intelligence by 2029 and examining the exponential growth of technology—that, in the near future, will expand human intelligence a millionfold and change human life forever.”“Among the topics he discusses are rebuilding the world, atom by atom with devices like nanobots; radical life extension beyond the current age limit of 120; reinventing intelligence by connecting our brains to the cloud; how exponential technologies are propelling innovation forward in all industries and improving all aspects of our well-being such as declining poverty and violence; and the growth of renewable energy and 3-D printing, which can be applied to everything from clothes to building materials to growing human organs,” it adds.It’ll be released on June 25, with pre-orders now available.

Title: Texas Intensifying Fight Against Feds
Details: Just two days after the Supreme Court ruled that federal agents could remove razor wire that Texas installed along the southern border, the governor has declared his state’s “right to self-defense,” invoking “the supreme law of the land” to give soldiers power over the Biden administration.Governor Greg Abbott said today that Biden has violated “his oath to faithfully execute immigration laws enacted by Congress,” adding that the White House has failed to “protect each [State] against invasion.”As a result, Abbott has invoked “Texas's constitutional authority to defend and protect itself. That authority is the supreme law of the land and supersedes any federal statutes to the contrary.” He said that the “Texas National Guard, the Texas Department of Public Safety, and other Texas personnel are acting on that authority, as well as state law, to secure the Texas border.”‍Amid Texas’ legal battles with the Justice Department, which claims the governor's migrant measures impede federal law, there have been calls for the Lone Star state to declare independence from the U.S. in a movement coined “Texit.”

Title: People Say Weekends Aren’t Fun Now
Details: More and more social media users are talking about how they prefer to spend their weekends quietly at home over socializing, attributing this change to COVID, which has ingrained in many a feeling of isolation.One user on TikTok said in a video: “Like, I don’t care about having plans on Saturdays or Sundays anymore. Even Fridays are just, like, I’m ready to go home. I think we're all tired from navigating a world of uncertainty within our lives and the reality we live in.”Her post sparked a flurry of people agreeing with her. Many commenters blamed the worsening economy and inflation for making going out a financial burden, while others said their social torpor was a result of the pandemic.One commenter wrote: “If I leave my house I spend at least $100. Everything is so expensive it's not fun anymore.”Psychologist Yasmine Saad told Business Insider: “The pandemic has reduced social pressures, enabling people to embrace their preferred style of recharging, whether it's through socializing or enjoying solitude. The goal is to engage in activities that internally rebalance and rejuvenate, without tipping into extremes.”

Title: Analyst: Metaverse Could Work Out
Details: One hedge fund manager with over two decades of experience in tech believes the highly-expensive metaverse could ultimately be a success.According to Business Insider, the unidentified man said: “I think Zuckerberg's metaverse bet could actually work out. It could take another ten or 20 years, but it could work.” This optimism comes despite Zuckerberg’s futuristic venture losing around $46.5 billion since 2019.The hedge fund manager compared the emerging technology to Microsoft Windows, which at first was seen as a highly expensive and futile endeavor, taking years to fully develop. But it gradually cemented itself as the single-largest platform, and now tech companies want to engineer the next big platform, with Zuckerberg taking the helm.Business Insider: “This is why big tech companies are investing 100s of billions of dollars to find the next big platforms. They might fail, and that will be an epic waste of money, like the world has never seen before. But, if they succeed, the profit gusher will be so much bigger, and competitors will bow down.”

Title: 33% Of U.S. Says Israel Is Genocidal
Details: An Economist/YouGov poll has found that slightly over one in three Americans believe Israel is committing genocide against Palestinians, while 36% disagree.Among young Americans aged 18-29, nearly half (49%) see Israel’s actions as genocide, with 24% disagreeing.The International Court of Justice is currently reviewing a genocide case brought against Israel by South Africa, and a U.S. federal lawsuit accuses the Biden administration of failing to prevent alleged genocide. Israel’s military actions in Gaza have killed more than 25,000 people since October 7.

Title: Churchill’s Golden Dentures Auctioned
Details: Winston Churchill’s golden dentures are expected to fetch up to $10,000 at a UK auction.Crafted to preserve Churchill’s “natural lisp,” they “were so important that he carried two pairs with him at all times,” according to the listing. The British leader is thought to have used dentures as he delivered many of his rousing speeches.Liz Poole, director of the auction house: “Churchill's false teeth must be among the most unusual items we have ever sold.”The auction, taking place on February 6, will also feature WWII artifacts, including the microphone used by Churchill to announce the war's end.

Title: France, Germany See Farmer Uprising
Details: Farmers in France, Germany, and Poland have brought their nations to a standstill, blocking major roads to protest against EU regulations and low wages.Convoys of tractors blocked roads, including access to the major port of Calais, disrupting goods transportation to the UK.Veronique Le Floc’h, president of Rural Coordination: “Today, when we see that all the farmers in France are gathering near roundabouts, blocking highways, putting tarpaulins on speed cameras: it shows they are fed up. It's a revolt... The money is no longer there.”The protests are especially notable in France, which is the biggest agricultural producer in the EU.

Title: Female Fertility Could Be Extended
Details: Scientists say they have identified a mechanism that accelerates ovarian aging. If it can be slowed down, fertility could be extended past the mid-30s, when women start finding it harder to have children.In tests on mice, the scientists identified a gene connected to the mechanism. When the gene was deactivated, older female mice had more eggs of higher quality and produced more pups per litter. As a less intrusive measure, the team also gave the mice a molecule that inhibits the gene, and a similar effect was achieved.While the experiments were only performed on mice, the fact that this is even possible is promising. The findings come at a time when about 20% of women in the U.S. now have their first child after age 35, with an increasing number of women wishing to delay even later.

