Title: Robot Zaps Sensations To You Remotely
Details: A new humanoid robot can relay touch sensations to a person wearing a VR headset and haptic feedback gloves hundreds of miles away, allowing people to “attend” events without traveling.The bot, iCub 3, weighs 115 pounds and stands 50 inches tall. It features 54 points of articulation, cameras for eyes, and an internet-connected computer as its “brain.” The sensors covering its body send data to the robot’s “brain” and are then replicated on a suit and VR headset worn by a remote human operator.Miraculously, when the person reacts to what they see and feel, the suit’s sensors pick up the movements and the robot matches them. The tech marvel demonstrated its capabilities at the Venice Biennale, where it wandered through an exhibition while its operator stood 180 miles away.Engineer Stefano Dafarra remarked, “The key is to translate every signal and bit of numeric data that can be sent through the network,” adding that he hopes people will use the iCub 3 to attend events remotely. Right now, the system is just a prototype, but its applications could range from entertainment to healthcare to disaster response.

Title: U.S. Conducts 1st Nitrogen Execution
Details: Kenneth Eugene Smith became the first person in the world to be legally executed by nitrogen gas after the Supreme Court denied his appeal to halt the punishment.Smith was accused of being a hitman and was sentenced to death following his conviction in a 1989 murder. In November 2022, he survived a botched lethal injection.Upon learning that he would be sentenced to death by nitrogen hypoxia, which involves suffocation through a gas mask, Smith pleaded for it to be called off, claiming the punishment was unconstitutionally cruel and unusual because it would produce excruciating pain or cause him to vomit. The Supreme Court voted 6-3 to allow the execution to proceed.The attorney general of Alabama, where the execution took place, assured that the method would be painless, despite even the UN urging the U.S. to halt the procedure.“Alabama already sought to execute Smith unsuccessfully by lethal injection in 2022. Smith also has ongoing proceedings in federal court against his upcoming execution which have not been finally resolved,” said Ravina Shamdasani, spokesperson for the UN human rights office. “Smith has also advanced, with expert evidence, that such an execution by gas asphyxiation, in his case, risks particular pain and suffering.”

Title: Netflix Dismisses Apple Vision Pro
Details: Unfortunately for Apple Vision Pro users, Netflix will not be available at launch.During an interview today, Netflix’s co-CEO Greg Peters explained the move as a company strategy of only “investing in places” that yield a return.Peters: “What’s the effort to integrate on any given set of devices and what’s the benefit for the members that we serve? I would say we’ll see where things go with Vision Pro. Certainly we’re always in discussions with Apple to try and figure that out but right now, the device is so subscale that it’s not really particularly relevant to most of our members.”The $3,499 headset, which will be released on February 2, has already sold up to 180,000 units in pre-orders, according to one estimate.

Title: Study: Owls Can Spin Head 360 Degrees
Details: Besides being wise, owls are also really good at being able to never catch you lacking, according to a new study. Scientists have concluded that the birds could theoretically rotate their heads a full 360 degrees without injury thanks to their unique skeleton and muscle structure.It’s long been known that owls have extremely mobile necks, but this is the first time researchers have asserted with confidence the creatures can spin around without moving.To settle the matter once and for all, scientists may have to perform experiments with living owls. One researcher proposes training the birds to focus on a specific target, and then placing them on a rotating platform to see whether they can retain focus on the target through a 360-degree turn.

Title: Chemicals, Diet Causing Sperm Decline
Details: Sperm counts have fallen between 50 and 60% since 1973, the largest meta-analysis on the topic has found. To put that in perspective, if the decline continued at this rate, the median sperm count would reach zero by the mid-2040s.Scientists are now starting to figure out what is causing this decline. One likely culprit is a pollutant called an endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC). These are thought to interfere with hormonal signaling and include common chemicals found in some plastics and pesticides.Animal studies have revealed that exposure to EDCs during critical windows of fetal development can result in a reduced ability for males to produce sperm later in life. Research examining people who have been exposed to EDCs through their occupation has also shown links between exposure and decreases in sperm count, viability, and motility.Another candidate for the sperm crisis is diet. Multiple studies have found that men who are overweight produce less semen, have a lower overall sperm count, and have reduced sperm motility. It just so happens that from 1980 to 2019, the number of obese men and boys 16 and older rose from less than 10% to nearly 30%. The data is so certain that scientists have concluded a five-centimeter increase in a man’s waist circumference was associated with a 6.3% drop in sperm concentration.Not all hope is lost. Clinical trials over the past few years have found that when obese men reduced their calorie intake to just 800 calories a day for eight weeks, their sperm count increased by more than 40%. Similarly, a study in Italy asking men to adhere to a regime of physical activity and the “Mediterranean diet” found that after four months, they experienced significant improvements in sperm quantity and quality.

Title: CA Bill Would Neuter Fast Cars
Details: A newly introduced bill in California aims to prevent new cars from going ten miles per hour over the speed limit. It would require any car made or sold in the state in 2027 or later to have special technology installed called “speed governors,” which would make it physically impossible to go past the speed limit.Scott Wiener, the California Senator who introduced the bill: “I don't think it's at all an overreach, and I don't think most people would view it as an overreach, we have speed limits, I think most people support speed limits because people know that speed kills.”Wiener’s legislative track record also includes a bill in 2020 to eliminate automatic sex offender registration for young adults who have anal or oral sex with a minor.

Title: People Indifferent To Health Until 38
Details: A UK survey of 2,000 adults has revealed that people don’t start monitoring their health seriously until age 38, often triggered by a health scare.This finding has worried health experts. “It can be very easy to disregard your health—particularly when you are young or you feel that everything is OK… Sometimes it can take a bit of a wake-up call before you start taking your health more seriously, whether that is falling ill yourself or seeing a loved one or even a well-known person experience an issue,” said Dr. Elizabeth Rogers, associate clinical director of the Bupa Health Clinics.The study identified aches, pains, milestone birthdays, and the influence of celebrities as key motivators for increased health awareness. For instance, visits to the NHS’ prostate page spiked following news of King Charles' enlarged prostate.Despite this, 11% of adults still don't take their health seriously. The survey also found that 84% regretted not caring more for their health in their youth, and 45% now prioritize sleep and hydration for better health.

Title: Whistleblower: Boeing Facing Crisis
Details: One alleged Boeing employee is blowing the whistle, exposing details about the incident earlier this month involving a door plug detaching mid-flight, causing rapid decompression of the aircraft.The whistleblower claimed that the outsourced plane components have so many problems when they show up at the production line that Boeing’s quality control staff can’t keep up with them all. Specifically, they said 392 “nonconforming findings” alone have been found on door aircraft installations in the past year.“If our quality system on 737 was healthy, it would have stopped the line and driven the issue back to supplier after the first few instances. I could blame the team for missing certain details, but given the enormous volume of defects they were already finding and fixing, it was inevitable something would slip through—and on the incident aircraft something did,” they wrote online.They concluded: “Where are the bolts? Probably sitting forgotten and unlabeled (because there is no formal record number to label them with) on a work-in-progress bench, unless someone already tossed them in the scrap bin to tidy up.”The door plug incident led the Federal Aviation Authority to ground all 737 Max 9 series aircraft. United Airlines, which owns over 70 of them, announced that loose bolts were discovered in some, without disclosing the number.

Title: Army Tried To Recruit On Fortnite
Details: The British Army was planning on using “Fortnite” to encourage new recruits, but their strategy was canceled after backlash. The ploy comes as the number of troops in the country’s armed forces has fallen to a record low.Reportedly, the army was going to host a Twitch live stream alongside prominent influencers to attract young recruits. One online commentator said in response: “Is your marketing department sick in the head? Do you know the demographic of Fortnite? You are recruiting CHILDREN.”Earlier this month, reports emerged that the UK was recruiting on social media for a top military position that would handle nuclear operations.Top officials have voiced serious concerns about the recruitment shortfall. Former chief of staff General Lord Dannatt said that “there is a serious danger of history repeating itself… If our armed forces are not strong enough to deter future aggression from Moscow or Beijing it will not be a small war to contend with but a major one.”

Title: UK Museums Return Ghana Artifacts
Details: The UK will send back gold and silver artifacts looted from Ghana in the 19th century.Both the British Museum and the V&A will send items related to the Asante royal court to Ghana, where they will be displayed at the Manhyia Palace Museum in Kumasi. Many of the items, which include 13 pieces of Asante royal regalia, were looted during wars. Others were sold at auction, entering private collections and museums worldwide.Items displayed at the V&A in London were selected as “exemplars of the brilliant goldsmithing techniques practiced for centuries by the Asante royal goldsmiths” and served as inspiration for British artists and designers. Now they will be displayed in Ghana for the first time in 150 years.At least 90% of African cultural property resides in European museums, according to a report commissioned by French President Emmanuel Macron.

