Title: Japan Unbans Women From ‘Naked Man’
Details: For the first time in 1,250 years, 40 women will participate in Japan’s “Naked Man.” The traditional event involves thousands of men stripped down to loincloths battling to touch a completely naked man for good fortune.Unfortunately, the participating women will remain fully clothed and won’t be engaging in the shenanigans that their male counterparts are carrying out. Instead, the women will be tasked with carrying bamboo grass to the shrine grounds where the event will be held.Mitsugu Katayama, a festival committee official: “We have not been able to hold the festival like we used to for the past three years because of the pandemic and, in the time, we received a lot of requests from women in the town to take part.”The event, set for February 22, is a celebration of harvest, prosperity, and fertility. Officials anticipate about 10,000 participants.

Title: IG Blocks Adults From Texting Teens
Details: Instagram now restricts adult strangers from directly messaging teens. The change comes after a Meta whistleblower told Congress last year that he discovered “staggering levels of abuse” targeting young users when he was an engineer at the tech giant.By default, teens under 16 (and under 18 in some areas) can now only receive messages from their existing network. The new policy also blocks teens from receiving direct messages from other teens they do not follow. The setting can be modified, but parents using Meta's supervision tools must approve any changes.Larry Magid, CEO of ConnectSafely: “Empowering parents to approve or deny requests to change their teen’s default safety and privacy settings gives parents the tools they need to help protect their teens, while at the same time respecting their teens’ privacy and ability to communicate with their friends and family.”

Title: First Lab-Grown Meat Hitting Market
Details: An Israeli company has received preliminary approval from the country’s health ministry to sell the world’s first lab-grown steaks, derived from the egg cells of a Black Angus cow. The product, which Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called “a global breakthrough,” is expected to be priced similarly to premium conventional beef.Aleph Farms joins a growing list of companies hoping to grow meat in addition to or instead of butchering animals. This summer, two California-based farms received approval to sell lab-grown chicken in the U.S. and Singapore.A study in 2022 found that 35% of meat-eaters said they were too disgusted by the concept to ever try it. Additionally, a study from the University of California, Davis, found that lab-grown meat production might actually have a higher environmental impact than traditional methods. That’s because the method currently used to grow the meat uses significant resources, “which then increases global warming potential.”

Title: Gen Z Is Stealing With Self-Checkout
Details: A new poll finds that over half of Gen Z shoppers prefer self-checkout, with one-third admitting the kiosks have allowed them to shoplift.“We have so many companies that don’t care about their customers, only making money,” one such teen told Vice in 2020. “If we can punish the corporation, we feel we have done our best.”Specifically, the survey of 2,000 Americans discovered that nearly half said they steal the most expensive item from their cart, while only 37% said they would only lift necessities.Popular chains like Costco have started to dial back the kiosks, with even Walmart pulling back all of them from three of its New Mexico locations. According to one study, companies with self-checkout are experiencing a 4% loss rate—a loss of merchandise either from petty theft or customer error, such as ringing up the wrong kind of apple or tomato—which is about double the average.

Title: Microsoft Changes Font After 17 Years
Details: Microsoft has replaced its default font for the first time in 17 years, causing some furious users to question if the change is “some kind of sick joke.”The change from the beloved Calibri to Aptos stunned many. Calibri features subtly rounded stems and corners that are visible at larger sizes, being a staple of Microsoft’s aesthetic since 2007. Aptos, on the other hand, is “made of varying geometric shapes, is bold, well-defined, directive, and constrained,” according to the company.One user on TikTok reacted, “The fact thats its only a tiiiiiiiiiiny bit different is what's driving me absolutely insane.” Another added: “This happened on my Outlook and it's caused a professional identity crisis.”

Title: NYC Declares Social Media ‘Toxin’
Details: New York City Mayor Eric Adams has described social media as a “public health hazard” and an “environmental toxin,” likening its impact to tobacco and guns.During his State of the City address yesterday, Adams remarked: “Today, Dr. Ashwin Vasan is issuing a Health Commissioner’s Advisory, officially designating social media as a public health hazard in New York City. We are the first major American city to take this step and call out the danger of social media like this.”“Just as the surgeon general did with tobacco and guns, we are treating social media like other public health hazards and ensuring that tech companies take responsibility for their products,” he added.NYC’s health advisory pointed to data showing that on weekdays, 77% of NYC high schoolers spent three or more hours per day in front of screens, not including homework.

Title: 6 Deaf Kids Can Hear After Injection
Details: A gene therapy trial in China has restored partial hearing in multiple children born with hereditary deafness. The treatment involved injecting a working version of a gene essential for hearing into the inner ear.Five children in the trial can now hear, responding to sounds as quiet as typical conversations. Another deaf child, part of a separate trial in the U.S., can also hear after receiving a similar treatment.The treatment, if scaled, could grant hearing to up to 200,000 people worldwide.Yilai Shu, researcher: “The families are very, very excited.”Lawrence Lustig, a hearing loss expert at Columbia University: “It’s remarkable. We’ve never had a therapy that restores even partial hearing for someone who’s totally deaf other than a cochlear implant.”

Title: Minimalist Icon Carl Andre Dies
Details: Carl Andre, a prominent Minimalist sculptor, has died at 88. His work, marked by unaltered industrial materials and geometric arrangements, redefined sculpture and poetry.Andre stripped sculptures to their bare essentials, paring the medium down until it existed simply as forms made from industrial materials that were not intended to evoke any emotions. He once said that his work is “close to zero,” in that it was non-representational and deliberately devoid of affect.In a 1970 interview, Andre remarked: “You have to really rid yourself of those securities and certainties and assumptions and get down to something which is closer and resembles some kind of blankness. Then one must construct again out of this reduced circumstance. That’s another way, perhaps, of an art poverty; one has to impoverish one’s mind. This is not a repudiation of the past or such things, but it is really getting rid of what I describe as dross.”Many of his sculptures feature objects organized according to rigorous rubrics that allowed for little room for variation. One example includes his “Equivalent” series, which is a grouping of rectangular arrangements of firebricks. Each has the same size, shape, and weight, appearing factory-produced, as though Andre had never touched them.The Paula Cooper Gallery, his longtime New York representative, said in an announcement: “Carl Andre redefined the parameters of sculpture and poetry through his use of unaltered industrial materials and innovative approach to language. He created over two thousand sculptures and an equal number of poems throughout his almost seventy-year career, guided by a commitment to pure matter in lucid geometric arrangements.”

Title: Fake Plants Could Power Cities
Details: Researchers have developed artificial plants that can generate electricity using wind and rain. In cities, beaches, or even homes, they could be used as clean, self-powered energy sources.The plants are integrated with energy collectors that capture kinetic energy from wind and droplet-based energy from falling raindrops. The hope is to create larger networks of these “power plants” that could serve as a new kind of energy for systems that rely simply on wind, rain, and plants.Ravinder Dahiya, a professor of electrical and computer engineering: “Think about an urban setting with road dividers where you have these plants. If we can make these energy harvesters actually integrated with the real leaf, not just on the synthetic, then while traffic is moving, you have some wind going and it’s continuously being generated. That could be a kind of scenario where you could see energy being generated all the time.”

Title: NASA Captures ‘Heavenly’ Star Birth
Details: NASA’s James Webb Telescope has captured a stunning image of the birth of a star cluster—a bright, colorful phenomenon that encapsulates the wonders of the universe.Scientists say it shows N79, a massive star-forming region within the Large Magellanic Cloud, a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way. It’s the fourth-largest galaxy in our Local Group, making it a close neighbor in the grand scheme of the universe.“A massive cluster is born,” scientists declared.

