Title: Mainstream Media Is Suffering
Details: Nearly a dozen major media companies are experiencing severe cutbacks, resulting in layoffs and financial struggles. Nationally and locally, the traditional media landscape is shrinking.The struggling companies include Forbes, Insider, and BuzzFeed. Notably, The Los Angeles Times slashed over 20% of its newsroom staff last week, and Sports Illustrated laid off most of its staff earlier this month after nearly 70 years in operation. Its parent company, Arena Group, failed to make a $3.75 million quarterly payment to the group from which it licenses the Sports Illustrated brand.This bloodbath comes as Americans of all political stripes trust journalists less than ever. A survey by Gallup found that fewer than one in five Americans now view journalists as having “high” or “very high” honesty and ethical standards.

Title: Toyota Slams Electric Vehicles
Details: Electric vehicle sales are slowing down globally, prompting automakers to reassess their strategies. The chairman of Toyota is doubling down on that pessimism, arguing during a business event earlier this month that the latest EV trends are warning signs, with customers “finally seeing reality.”Akio Toyoda, chairman: “The enemy is CO2. No matter how much progress [battery] EVs make, I think they will still only have a 30% market share.”Other companies appear to be leaning the same way. In October, General Motors and Honda both scrapped plans to work on affordable EVs together.

Title: Men And Women Divided More Than Ever
Details: On every continent, men and women now have the largest ideological gap on record, a new analysis by the Financial Times reveals.In the U.S., women aged 18 to 30 are now 30 percentage points more liberal than their male counterparts. In the UK, the gap is 25 points. The same trend is happening in Africa, such as in Tunisia.The contrast is most stark in South Korea, where there is over a 50-point difference, with young men being more conservative than ever. Korea is an especially precarious case, as it has the lowest birth rate of any country in the world, fueled by a booming feminist movement. Analysts speculate this has sparked a backlash among men. Just yesterday, a 14-year-old Korean boy threw a rock at a female politician.John Burn-Murdoch, analyst: “It would be easy to say this is all a phase that will pass, but the ideology gaps are only growing, and data shows that people’s formative political experiences are hard to shake off. All of this is exacerbated by the fact that the proliferation of smartphones and social media mean that young men and women now increasingly inhabit separate spaces and experience separate cultures.”Paul Graham, an acclaimed Silicon Valley investor and writer, offered an alternative explanation: “This trend has a boringly obvious explanation. Boys and girls used to hang out together more. The girls made the boys more liberal and the boys made the girls more conservative. But now the boys are at home playing shooter games, and the girls are at home posting on Instagram.”

Title: Mob Wife Aesthetic Grows
Details: TikTok and fashion media report a shift from hyper-feminine trends like Barbiecore and bimbocore to the bolder mob wife aesthetic. This trend boasts a look of excess and luxury, contrasting the innocence of previous styles.The style draws inspiration from classic film characters, known for their association with crime and glamour. It features fur, big hair, cheetah prints, and lavish jewelry, rejecting minimalism and embracing a more dramatic and constructed self-presentation.Characters like Sharon Stone's Ginger in “Casino” and Michelle Pfeiffer’s Elvira in “Scarface” embody this aesthetic with their opulent and assertive fashion choices.

Title: Illinois Proposes ‘Skittles Ban’
Details: Illinois is set to join California in imposing a “Skittles ban,” banning certain food additives linked to health risks like cancer and memory loss. They’re found in a variety of popular candies, like Skittles, and sodas.Specifically, the ban targets five additives: brominated vegetable oil, potassium bromate, propylparaben, red dye No.3, and titanium dioxide. In California, around 12,000 products use the additives.Illinois Secretary of State Alexi Giannoulias emphasized the need for safer food: “You can’t eat this stuff in Europe. You can’t eat this stuff in Japan.”California’s existing ban will be enforced from January 2027, with similar legislation considered in Pennsylvania and New York. Illinois aims to implement the ban by the same date.Food experts have celebrated the move, while the National Confectioners Association has hit back, saying it risked replacing uniform food safety with a “patchwork” of regulations.

Title: Pharrell Is Making LEGO Biopic
Details: Pharrell has announced “Piece by Piece,” a unique LEGO biopic detailing his life and career. He posted the movie poster online, with the caption: “Who would’ve thought that playing with LEGOs as a kid would evolve into a movie about my life.”Director Morgan Neville, who is also producing the film, said they were captivated by the idea: “Five years ago, Pharrell Williams approached me with the idea of helping him tell his story through LEGO animation. It was one of those rare moments where I knew in a second that this was a journey I wanted to go on.”Scheduled for release on October 11, 2024, the film’s plot and cast remain unknown.

Title: Ukrainian Woman Wins Miss Japan
Details: A Ukrainian-born naturalized citizen has won Japan’s annual beauty contest, sparking debate over Japan's cultural identity and beauty standards.The Miss Nippon contest awards the tiara to the contestant representing the “Foremost Beauty of All Japanese Women,” according to the organizers’ website. The winner, Karolina Shiino, said she has faced difficulties being accepted due to her appearance despite living in Japan since age five and speaking fluent Japanese.Shiino: “I wanted to be recognized as a Japanese person. After all, we live in an era of diversity—where diversity is needed. There are many people like me who are worried about the gap between their appearance and (who they are). I kept being told that I’m not Japanese, but I am absolutely Japanese, so I entered Miss Japan genuinely believing in myself. I was really happy to be recognized like this.”Some applaud Shiino’s love for Japan, while others question her representation of Japanese beauty. Historian Hiroe Yamashita said, “I personally wish that it would be based on standards of Japanese beauty.” But the pageant’s organizer praised Shiino, telling CNN she was awarded the title of Miss Nippon because she is a “hard-working, yet humble, Japanese woman with a very strong sense of consideration for others.”

Title: Copper Thieves Disabling Streetlights
Details: In Los Angeles, extensive copper wire thefts have left many streetlights non-functional. Councilmember Kevin de León reports significant damages: “In my district alone, we have about 3,700 lights that are completely out. Half of the bridge is completely dark because these thieves have broken into the metal panels.”St. Paul, Minnesota, is facing similar issues, leading to multiple arrests. In response, Minneapolis has switched to aluminum wire to combat thefts.Theft also impacts green energy, with over $100,000 in copper stolen from a Fresno solar farm, affecting plans for electric vehicle charger rollouts.Joe Laurin, project manager for the City of Minneapolis’ Public Works Traffic Division: “2023 was probably one of the worst years we’ve had for wire theft of the streetlight… both on city streets and the parkway roadways. We suspect it could be related to the current copper prices being as high as they are.”

Title: UN Orders Israel To Prevent Genocide
Details: The UN top court has ordered Israel to prevent death and acts of genocide in Gaza, stopping short of ordering a ceasefire. The declaration came during the genocide case brought by South Africa against the Jewish state.Court President Joan E. Donoghue: “The court is acutely aware of the extent of the human tragedy that is unfolding in the region.” Israel’s military offensive has killed over 26,000 Palestinians and displaced 85% of Gaza’s population.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the court’s consideration of the genocide charges a “mark of shame that will not be erased for generations.” He also vowed to press ahead with the war, “We will continue to do what is necessary to defend our country and defend our people. Like every country, Israel has the basic right to defend itself.”Palestine’s foreign minister and the South African government welcomed the ruling.

Title: Marsupials Are Obsessed With Sex
Details: Small male marsupials in Australia love sex so much that they give up sleep for it. After an intense mating season, they often die, researchers have found.The study is the first to provide direct evidence of such extreme sleep restriction in a land-dwelling mammal, discovering that male antechinus sleep three hours less per night for three weeks during mating season. Unsurprisingly, their female counterparts were also found to be sleep-deprived.John Lesku, a sleep scientist involved in the study, suggests antechinus may be resilient to sleep loss or accept physiological costs for paternity: “Sleeping three hours less per night impacts waking performance in humans, (while) antechinus did this for three weeks.”

