Title: Company Bets On U.S. Legalizing Coke
Details: Canada-based Safe Supply is betting on the future legalization of cocaine, comparing the potential shift to the decriminalization of marijuana and psychedelics.The company, valued at $8.6 million, aims to invest in legal coca products and is working on coca extract beverages for the U.S. market.Despite optimism from Safe Supply, the likelihood of cocaine legalization in the U.S. remains highly speculative, especially considering the challenges faced in states like Oregon after decriminalizing hard drugs.Bill Panagiotakopoulos, the CEO of Safe Supply, likened coca to CBD since “it’s the medicinal rather than psychoactive part of the drug. It’s amazing — it gives you energy and no jitters.”“Our perspective is that Oregon’s decriminalization efforts did exactly what they could be expected to do, which was to bring the underground activities above ground, where it could be regulated more effectively,” Panagiotakapoulos insisted. “The problem is that the reform efforts didn’t go far enough.”

Title: ‘Ethical’ Diamonds Rise In Popularity
Details: Lab-grown diamonds are rising in popularity for their sustainability, now accounting for a fifth of diamond sales by value. These diamonds are chemically identical to mined ones and are now increasingly being produced using solar power.The carbon footprint of lab-grown diamonds is significantly lower than that of mined diamonds. One-carat lab-grown diamond has a carbon footprint of about 20 pounds of CO2, compared to 235 pounds for a mined diamond.The price of lab-grown diamonds has also decreased, now costing 80% less than mined diamonds, making them more accessible.One study found about 75% of Gen Z consumers said that sustainability was more important to them than brand when making purchase decisions.One man, after eight years of dating, chose a solar-powered lab-grown diamond for his proposal. He explained: “She really did not want a natural diamond because of the child labor [concerns]. She said ‘In an ideal world I’d want a lab-grown diamond that was made with renewable energy’.”

Title: Wu-Tang Launching Vegas Residency
Details: Wu-Tang Clan is set for a Las Vegas residency titled “The Saga Continues” at the Virgin Hotel’s Theater, marking them as the first Hip-Hop act with such a residency.The residency, featuring Bar-Sun Jones, aka Young Dirty Bastard, will take place on February 9-10 and March 22-23.The entire group, including RZA, Method Man, and Raekwon, will perform. According to the venue, the residency will be “more than a concert. It serves as a tribute to their prolific careers as individuals and as the most storied group in Hip-Hop history. A Wu-Tang experience like never before.”Most details of the show remain confidential. Tickets start at $55.Wu-Tang Clan will also headline at Washington, D.C.’s National Cannabis Festival and Salt Lake City’s Kilby Block Party.Bar-Sun Jones (Young Dirty Bastard): “Being the youngest Hip-Hop artist with a Las Vegas residency, it’s more of an experience that’s waiting to come. Some people are in the moment and can’t really grasp it. It really sinks in like ten years later. All of us are still together and that’s a beautiful thing.”

Title: Bouncers Are Being Replaced By AI
Details: The UK plans to use age estimation AI at supermarket self-checkouts for alcohol purchases, eliminating the need for staff age verification.The AI system requires ID from those it deems under 25 and is part of the government’s push to use digital IDs and technologies for age verification.Trials have been conducted at major supermarkets like Tesco, Asda, Morrisons, and Co-Op, where the AI takes three seconds to scan a buyer’s face.Tom Ironside, British Retail Consortium: “With incidents of violence and abuse against retail staff sharply rising, the technology would help to make stores a safer place to work and shop. Digital forms of age verification can already be used for all other age-restricted products such as tobacco, knives, and medicine, and there is no reason this cannot also be extended to alcohol sales.”

Title: Nat King Cole Biopic In The Works
Details: Colman Domingo is set to star as legendary singer Nat King Cole in a new movie musical, which he co-wrote and will also direct.The film’s focus period is not yet known, but one of Cole’s most notable moments was his 1956 performance in Birmingham, Ala., where he faced an attack but returned to a standing ovation.Domingo previously co-wrote a play about Nat King Cole, titled “Lights Out: Nat ‘King’ Cole,” imagining the singer’s thoughts during his 1957 Christmas special.Colman Domingo: “I’ve been working on it quietly for a few years. It’s something I’m looking forward to putting together with some great partners.”Cole was one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. He began his career as a jazz and pop vocalist in the late 1930s, recording over 100 chart-topping songs in music history, and selling over 50 million records. The Grammy Awards gave Cole a posthumous Lifetime Achievement Award in 1990, and he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000.

Title: Schools Using Sensors To Catch Vaping
Details: Schools across the U.S. have invested millions of dollars in surveillance technology to detect vaping. Some of this funding comes from federal COVID emergency relief.Vapes have overwhelmed middle and high schools. The discrete devices can dispense vapor containing higher concentrations of nicotine than tobacco cigarettes. Millions of minors report vaping despite efforts to limit sales to kids by raising the legal age to 21 and ban flavored products preferred by teenagers.Some districts pair sensors with surveillance cameras. When activated by a vaping sensor, those cameras can capture every student leaving the bathroom.“The vape detectors have been efficient in detecting when students are vaping, allowing us to address the issue immediately,” one school system said.Aaliyah Iglesias, a Texas high school student, faced severe consequences after being caught vaping in school. Her role as student council president, debate team captain, and participation in graduation were threatened. She was sent to the district’s alternative school for 30 days and told she could have faced criminal charges.

Title: Woman Bamboozles Apple Pay
Details: One woman shared a video on TikTok claiming she uses Apple Pay to make free purchases on an airplane, gaining over 2.4 million views.She stated that by locking her credit card, she could use Apple Pay on flight attendants’ POS systems without the charges going through.One commenter detailed: “Move your money out the account you used they’ll try every day for 5 days then give up.”Another person commented: “Lol I’m a flight attendant and it shows us when it’s locked you get charged as soon as we hit the ground.”“Nah cause Apple will have you pay for it later. I always get Apple charges days after I buy something,” someone else wrote, stating that while it seems like you may’ve avoided the charges, they ultimately do come to collect at some point.

Title: Robot Uses Human Muscles To Move
Details: Japanese scientists have engineered a cyborg-like robot merged with human tissue, enabling it to walk using muscle-powered gears.The robot is constructed from silicone rubber and lab-grown skeletal muscle tissues, allowing it to imitate human movement.The two-legged biohybrid is capable of walking and turning underwater, thanks to its foam buoy top, weighted legs, and a silicone rubber skeleton responsive to muscle movements. Its walking pace is currently .21 inches per minute.Dr. Shoji Takeuchi, a researcher at the University of Tokyo led the project: “Using muscle as actuators allows us to build a compact robot and achieve efficient, silent movements with a soft touch. Currently, we are manually moving a pair of electrodes to apply an electric field individually to the legs, which takes time.”He continued: “In the future, by integrating the electrodes into the robot, we expect to increase the speed more efficiently. A cheer broke out during our regular lab meeting when we saw the robot successfully walk on the video. Though they might seem like small steps, they are, in fact, giant leaps forward for the biohybrid robots.”

Title: Mercedes Debuts $1B Dubai Skyscraper
Details: Mercedes-Benz collaborates with Emirati developer Binghatti to create a $1 billion luxury residential tower in Dubai, named “Mercedes-Benz Places.”The 65-story tower, set to be completed by Q4 2026, will stand 1,118 feet tall, offering 150 apartments priced from $2.7 million to $10 million each. These apartments promise “unobstructed views of the world’s tallest tower,” the Burj Khalifa.Binghatti has an ongoing residential project with Bugatti, featuring car elevators for penthouses. Binghatti is also partnered with Jacob & Co. for the world’s tallest residential building.Despite warnings of “massive” issues within the commercial real-estate sector, Binghatti’s CEO Mohammed Binghatti remains optimistic, and the firm has spent $330 million on land in the past three months alone.Binghatti: “We’re definitely going to see more growth this year and the following year. There is clear wealth migration coming to Dubai and an increase in the population, which provides room for organic growth in the market. People who come to Dubai, a lot of them already have the liquidity to deploy. They want a safe haven to invest.”

Title: Doctors Promise Cancer Cure By 2033
Details: Medical professionals aim to eliminate cervical cancer, the fourth-most common cancer in women, within ten years. It is mainly caused by HPV, the most common sexually transmitted infection, which mostly affects teens and young adults.Experts estimate the HPV vaccine is over 90% effective, although vaccination rates are considered low. 63% of U.S. teens ages 13 to 17 are vaccinated against HPV.Cervical cancer cases are largely on the decline in the US. Research published in 2023 by the ACS, for example, found that among women between ages 20 and 24, cervical cancer rates dropped by 33% from 2005 to 2012 and by 65% from 2012 to 2019.Dr. Linda Eckert: “In the United States, a woman is dying every two hours of a cancer. We have the tools, right now, to eliminate this statistic. We must do better.”Dr. Isabel Scarini: “Cervical cancer is really the only cancer today that we can say we can eliminate.”

