Title: Dior Opening First Spa
Details: Dior is expanding its luxury brand presence by opening its first spa, located in Dubai.The location will be set atop The Lana, a Dorchester Collection hotel, featuring a design with soft cream and beige hues, pale wood, and accents of blue and white. It’ll have five single rooms and a double suite, offering treatments like facial services, muscle release-focused services, body firming, and hydra facials.A highlight of the experience is the Dior Stone Therapy, which uses semi-precious stones, micro-abrasion technology, and light LED therapy.Interior decor by Gilles & Boissier will include the house’s Toile de Jout print across blankets and plush pillows.The spa will also feature a boutique selling Dior brands such as L’Or de Vie, Rouge Premier, and Dior Prestige. It’s set to open on April 15.

Title: Vince McMahon Resigns From WWE
Details: Vince McMahon, the founder of WWE, has resigned as executive chairman of its parent company, TKO. The move follows allegations of sexual assault, trafficking, and abuse.McMahon has denied the allegations and said he is prepared to defend himself in court. But tonight, he stated: “Out of respect for the WWE Universe... I have decided to resign from my executive chairmanship and the TKO board of directors, effective immediately.”The allegations were brought forth in a lawsuit filed by former WWE staffer Janel Grant, accusing McMahon of sexual misconduct and trafficking, and alleging a culture within WWE that concealed McMahon's actions.WWE president Nick Khan: “He will no longer have a role with TKO Group Holdings or WWE.”

Title: Retirement A ‘Dream’ For 20% Of Gen Z
Details: A new survey reveals that 21% of U.S. adults aged 22-34 find retirement out of reach, or not part of their plan. 11% aged 35-49 said the same.While over 40% of all respondents cited being unable to save as the reason why they don’t plan to retire, 13% wanted to avoid boredom, 10% cited career enjoyment and 7% were concerned about feeling a lack of purpose.Videos on TikTok detail a so-called “silent recession,” or “silent depression,” as millions juggle increased costs from auto insurance, food, and rent. Those facing immediate financial pressures are not focused on a far-off retirement goal.Surya Kolluri, head of the research organization TIAA Institute: “If you ask younger generations what financial actions they’ve taken over the past year, many made attempts to remove some debt and improve their credit score, and that comes at expense of saving for retirement.”Over half of younger Americans are skeptical about Social Security, relying more on retirement accounts like 401(k)s, but face limitations like lower IRA contribution limits compared to 401(k)s.

Title: Scorsese Reveals New Jesus Film
Details: In a new interview, legendary filmmaker Martin Scorsese delved into his upcoming film about Jesus Christ, which will begin production in April. The picture aims to present Jesus in a contemporary context, exploring his enduring influence in modern life.Interviewer: “Last May, you met with Pope Francis at the Vatican and announced that you were ‘imagining and writing a screenplay for a film about Jesus.’ Can you tell us anything about this project? Why make another film about Jesus in addition to ‘The Last Temptation of Christ?’”Scorsese: “I’m thinking in response to what Pope Francis wrote about and the idea of making Jesus accessible, not putting Jesus on a wall or in a painting or in a stained-glass window. Jesus immediate, with us now, right in the room as we speak. And dealing with the accessibility of who Jesus is and continues to be in our lives. Hence, I’m thinking of a film that might be partially modern day, partially ancient, I’m not quite sure.”He added: “But it wouldn’t be a usual, straight narrative of the life of Jesus in any way. It would be something that makes us think of Jesus in the present. And in a different way, too. Some of it would be based on what Shūsaku Endō wrote in his book ‘A Life of Jesus.’ I thought it was really interesting how he comes about it from an Asian point of view to make us see Jesus in another way, and how it pertains to our lives now. And how it’ll always be something at the crux of our lives.”

Title: Pro Soccer Player Quits For OnlyFans
Details: A professional soccer player in Mexico has retired at 24 to focus on her OnlyFans career, just 19 days after signing with the Mexican team.Nikkole Teja announced a few months ago she had joined OnlyFans due to high public demand. She confirmed her retirement on Instagram: “If this is the only life I am going to live, I am happy to have known and loved football. If there is another life after this I hope to find it again and feel that football loves me too.”The athlete has been creating exclusive content on the adult platform, charging $17.50 monthly for access to her 73 photos and 11 videos. “I opened an OnlyFans account because the public asked for it,” she candidly replied when asked about her motivation.

Title: South Korea: Stop Eating Toothpicks
Details: South Korea's Ministry of Food and Drug Safety is urging people not to eat toothpicks, following a trend of frying and consuming them.The warning comes after viral videos of people eating fried toothpicks as part of the “Mukbang” craze, where individuals film themselves eating large amounts of food. Koreans recorded themselves putting the toothpicks in hot oil until they puffed up, and then adding seasonings like cheese or spicy powder before consuming them.South Korea's Ministry of Food and Drug Safety: “This is not a product to eat! Their safety as food has not been verified. Please do not eat.”Toothpicks in South Korea are typically made from sweet potato or corn starch and are colored green due to the food coloring used in the manufacturing process.

Title: Man Stabbed 108 Times By Girlfriend
Details: A man was stabbed over 100 times by his girlfriend while she experienced “cannabis-induced psychosis,” according to a psychiatrist who testified in court. As a result, she only received community service and probation. The victim’s father is now accusing the judge of “clear bias.”Bryn Spejcher was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the slaying of her new boyfriend, Chad O’Melia. She faced up to four years in prison, but the judge opted not to impose any prison time, stating she had “no control over her actions” because she was smoking marijuana that night and suffered an adverse reaction, leading her to spiral into a “cannabis-induced psychotic” episode.Loved ones were shocked upon learning that Spejcher only received 100 hours of community service and two years of probation. O’Melia’s grieving father believes the judge was biased because of Spejcher’s “gender, education, and age,” according to The Daily Mail. “Would it have been the same if it was a young man, perhaps of a different background? Absolutely not,” he told the outlet.

Title: Florida May Ban Minors From IG
Details: Florida’s House of Representatives has passed a bill to protect minors from social media by banning accounts for users under 16 years old. The bill, backed by the state’s Republicans, would be one of the strictest in the U.S.The measure now has to be passed by the Senate, which also has a Republican majority, and signed by Republican Governor Ron DeSantis. It’s unclear how the legislation would be enforced, but it would require social media companies to implement mandatory age verification methods.It excludes platforms mainly used for email, direct messaging, streaming, news, sports, non-user-generated entertainment, online shopping, gaming, photo editing, professional networks, and others.The action comes at a time when politicians have increasingly taken action against social media, citing its harmful and additive effects. Last year, 47 state attorneys general united to order TikTok to comply with an investigation into its impact on the youth. Just last week, New York City’s Mayor Eric Adams declared social media an “environmental toxin.”

Title: Subway Has Footlong Cookie, Pretzel
Details: Subway is now offering 12-inch cookies, Cinnabon churros, and Auntie Anne’s pretzels. The cookie alone has 1,440 calories, and is a “moist, floppy sleeping bag of flour and oil,” according to one review. YEWS couldn’t independently verify.People Magazine gave a more nuanced assessment: “The churro had a nice crunch and plenty of cinnamon sugar but didn’t scream Cinnabon in the same way that the pretzel did Auntie Anne’s.”

Title: Twins Sold At Birth Reunite
Details: Two identical twins separated at birth in the European country Georgia were reunited thanks to a TV talent show and a TikTok video.Amy and Ano were taken from their mother and sold to different families just after they were born. Miraculously, when Amy was 12, she noticed a girl on “Georgia’s Got Talent” who bore an uncanny resemblance to herself. When she mentioned it to her family, they dismissed the girl as a doppelganger.Seven years later, in 2021, Amy posted a video of herself to TikTok. Two hundred miles away, another 19-year-old, Ano, was sent the video by a friend. She thought it was “cool that she looks like me.” Ano posted the video to a university WhatsApp group, and someone who knew Amy connected the two.“I have been looking for you for so long!” Amy messaged. “Me too,” replied Ano.They then delved into their shared history, including their mutual love for music, dance, and a shared genetic disorder.Then came the time to confront their families. Both women discovered that they had been adopted, separately, a few weeks apart in 2002. They also found that the details on their official birth certificates, including the date they were born, were wrong.Amy was upset and felt her whole life had been a lie. Ano was “angry and upset with my family, but I just wanted the difficult conversations to be over so that we could all move on.”

