Title: Young Adults Moving Back With Parents
Details: Nearly 16% of U.S. millennials, aged 25–34, lived with their parents in 2022, an 87% increase over two decades.Economic factors like high housing costs are driving this trend, with young adults returning to their childhood homes to save money.This comes as the average age of a first-time homeowner is getting older in all states except Alaska. In California, for instance, the majority of people don't own a home until 49.

Title: Man Harmed By Weedkiller Wins $2B
Details: Bayer was ordered to pay $2.25 billion to a man who claimed to have developed cancer from Roundup weedkiller. A jury in the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas found that John McKivision’s non-Hodgkins lymphoma was the result of using Roundup for yard work at his house for several years. The verdict includes $250 million in compensatory damages and $2 billion in punitive damages.McKivision’s attorneys: “The jury's punitive damages award sends a clear message that this multi-national corporation needs top-to-bottom change.”Bayer in a statement said it disagreed “with the jury's adverse verdict that conflicts with the overwhelming weight of scientific evidence and worldwide regulatory and scientific assessments, and believe that we have strong arguments on appeal to get this verdict overturned and the unconstitutionally excessive damage award eliminated or reduced.”The case is part of a larger series of litigation against Bayer, with around 165,000 claims in the U.S. alleging personal injuries from Roundup. Bayer has won 10 of the last 16 trials.

Title: Navy Lowers Requirements Even More
Details: The U.S. Navy has started enlisting individuals without high school diplomas or GEDs, aiming to meet challenging enlistment goals. This marks the second time in a year the Navy has changed its recruitment criteria. The previous change aimed at accepting more recruits with low test scores.Vice Adm. Rick Cheeseman, the Navy’s chief of personnel: “We get thousands of people into our recruiting stations every year that want to join the Navy but do not have an education credential. And we just turn them away. We just finally decided, okay, let’s go. My, argument for accepting that risk is that… we’re not filling the seats. So I’m willing to take a risk.”Recruits without educational credentials can join if they score 50 or above on the Armed Services Qualification Test. The Navy faces significant recruitment challenges, due to competition with higher-paying civilian jobs, especially those that offer benefits like college funding. The service failed to meet its recruitment goal last year, bringing in only 31,834 of the targeted 37,700.

Title: Arnault Now World’s Richest Man
Details: Bernard Arnault, chairman and CEO of LVMH, surpasses Elon Musk as the world’s richest man.Arnault’s net worth grew to $207.8 billion, outstripping Musk’s $204.5 billion, following a $23.6 billion increase on Friday.The news comes as Musk’s Tesla struggled in the stock market Thursday, dropping 13%, with Musk losing more than $18 billion in net worth.LVMH’s market cap reached $388.8 billion after a 13% surge in shares by 11AM yesterday.In 2021, LVMH acquired Tiffany & Co. for nearly $16 billion and was considered the largest luxury brand acquisition ever. Arnault’s family plays a significant role in LVMH, with five children working at the company and two recently appointed to the board.

Title: Iconic Toy Store Closes Over Violence
Details: Jeffrey’s Toys, San Francisco’s oldest toy store and the inspiration for Pixar’s “Toy Story,” is closing at the end of February after 86 years.Ken Sterling, an attorney: “The store has been struggling for a number of years, due to the perils and violence of the downtown environment, inflation, the decrease in consumer spending, and the demise of retail across the world. The family is saddened it has come to this and we’ve explored all other options to try and keep the business going.”Sterling blamed “the leadership of the City of San Francisco and the Downtown Association” for letting crime run wild in the “once vibrant and fun downtown experience.”The store, founded in 1938 by the Luhn family, dwindled from several locations to one in the Financial District. Its connection to Pixar comes from co-owner Matthew Luhn, a former Pixar story artist and writer.San Francisco has seen a significant retail shutdown due to rampant crime and homelessness, with 40 stores closing downtown since the onset of the pandemic.

Title: Cursive Is Making Comeback
Details: California has implemented a new law requiring cursive handwriting instruction for grade school students, affecting about 2.6 million children aged 6 to 12. Experts cite cognitive development, reading comprehension, and fine motor skills improvement as benefits of learning cursive.Assembly Bill 446 mandates that cursive lessons be taught, generally starting from the third grade. The law aims to revive a skill that had faded in the digital era, with California becoming the 22nd state to mandate cursive handwriting instruction.Leslie Zoroya, project director for reading language arts: “You’re using different neural networks when you're doing cursive rather than printing. And so it’s creating those pathways in your brain. It also helps with the retention of information, how letters are formed. As you’re creating the letter, you're thinking about the sound that letter makes and how does it connect to the next letter.”

Title: Underground Bunker Listed On eBay
Details: In Polo, Missouri, a windowless shack conceals a massive 10,000 square foot underground bunker, recently listed for sale at $2 million.Built in the 1960s at a cost equal to over $34 million today, the bunker features 2.5-foot-thick concrete walls, electromagnetic pulse-resistant copper shielding, and two 3,000-pound blast doors.The subterranean space includes a kitchen, two bathrooms, a soundproof music studio, a gym, and multiple bedrooms, offering a blend of security and luxury.It also boasts a 177-foot communication tower and an emergency escape hatch.Colleen Roberts, ReeceNichols Country Club Plaza: “This is the most unique property in Missouri. No one would ever suspect 10,000 square feet of underground space on this 10-acre plot of land.”The listing reads: “In an era where even technology titans are grabbing headlines for their investments in personal safety, such as his end-of-the-world bunker, this property emerges as a true testament to visionary planning.”

Title: Parents Don’t Trust Sleepovers Now
Details: A new parenting trend called “sleepunders” is gaining popularity in the U.S., where children are picked up from a friend's house before bedtime instead of sleeping over.Erica Komisar, Psychoanalyst: “Sleepunders or lateovers are particularly helpful for younger kids or those who have separation anxiety or who are sensitive to sleep or transition issues.”Nicholette Leanza, Psychotherapist: “The fears that there may be guns in the home, or that a child may become a potential victim of sexual abuse, are enough to make any parent paranoid and uneasy about letting their kid spend the night elsewhere. My advice would be for parents to be cautious but not overprotective. It’s all about balance.”

Title: Woman Gives $4M To Cats, Not Kids
Details: An elderly Shanghai woman left her $4.3 million fortune to her pets, citing neglect from her children.Ms. Liu made an initial will some years ago leaving her three children money and property, but changed her mind because they did not visit or care for her, and seldom even contact her, according to the report.Her veterinary clinic is tasked with administering the inheritance for the pets and their offspring.Chen Kai, an official from the Will Registration Centre in Beijing: “However, there are alternatives to solve this issue. Liu’s current will is one way and we would have advised her to appoint a person she trusts to supervise the vet clinic to ensure the pets are properly cared for.”An agency official: “We told Auntie Liu that if her children change their attitude towards her, she could always alter her will again.”

Title: Learning Piano Changes Brain Entirely
Details: A new study has revealed that learning to play the piano causes complex changes in brain activity.24 people were monitored over 26 weeks as they learned piano, showing initial high brain activation in memory, sensory integration, and movement areas.As piano skills improved, brain activity in these areas decreased, suggesting optimization of neural processes.According to the “expansion and renormalization” concept, such training causes grey matter volume to first increase and then decrease as musical proficiency improves.Another explanation states that separate neural pathways that process information side-by-side contribute to people simultaneously learning the right order of the movements required when playing an instrument, along with their timing, speed, and force.

