Title: U.S. Government Has UFO Cult
Details: A former UFO Pentagon chief claims that fanatics in the U.S. government are pushing officials to spend millions of taxpayer dollars to investigate aliens, even though they lack evidence.Sean Kirkpatrick, former chief investigator at the Pentagon, said during an interview this week: “The actual conspiracy is being carried out by a group of true believers themselves to get the government involved in the business of investigating aliens. That is a self-licking ice cream cone, exactly.”“There is no evidence of extraterrestrials. There is no evidence of aliens, and there’s no evidence of the government conspiracy. They’re all relaying stories that they’ve heard from other people. And if you track where all those people know each other, it all goes back to the same core group of people,” he asserted.On the flip side, The Daily Star reported last year that commanders in the Pentagon have halted UFO research “over fears aliens were demons,” citing lead UFO researcher Ron James. James said there’s “a very large contingent of people” in the U.S. government who align with Christian fundamentalism and actively oppose any research into extraterrestrial life.

Title: ‘God's Army’ Convoy To U.S. Border
Details: A trucker convoy calling itself “God’s army” plans to travel to the U.S. southern border next week to stand up against “globalists.” The mission comes as the standoff between Texas and the federal government over border security intensifies.Republican Texas Congressman Keith Self, who has promoted the convoy, suggested that as many as 700,000 vehicles could participate. He emphasized that it is meant to be a peaceful demonstration.Convoy organizer: “This is a biblical, monumental moment that’s been put together by God. We are besieged on all sides by dark forces of evil. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the sons of God. It is time for the remnant to rise.”The convoy plans to depart Virginia Beach, stopping in Jacksonville, Florida, and then to Texas, Arizona, and California for separate rallies.Another convoy organizer emphasized: “God’s army is rising up. We all have been chosen for this time.”Earlier this week, the Supreme Court ruled that the federal government, not Texas, had authority over the border, and that Border Control could cut down the razor wire. Texas has since doubled down on erecting razor wire, and officials said that they plan to “hold the line.”

Title: TikTok Can Now Clone Another Voice
Details: The parent company of TikTok has a new AI model that lets users instantly speak in another person's voice. Researchers admitted that the AI can be used for “fraud.”StreamVoice, which is not yet available, can convert a user’s voice to any other voice with just “one utterance” of speech from the target voice. It operates with minimal latency, making it effective for live streaming and “real-time conversion.”The researchers didn’t describe how they think people should use StreamVoice, though they admitted “it may carry potential risks of misuse for various purposes, such as spreading fake information or phone fraud.”

Title: Scientists Turn Trash Into Silk
Details: Researchers have discovered a way to engineer wasteful plastic into a spider silk-like material as strong as Kevlar. The particular plastic is one of the world’s biggest pollutants, meaning this process transforms harmful trash into a resilient and versatile biomaterial.One scientist emphasized the new material “can be nearly as strong as steel under tension. However, it's six times less dense than steel, so it's very lightweight.”The process involves depolymerizing plastic into a waxy substance, which is then fed to the bacteria. This leads to the creation of a strong, protein-packed biomaterial without the need for extra chemicals.Researcher: “What's really exciting about this process is that unlike the way plastics are produced today, our process is low-energy and doesn't require the use of toxic chemicals.”

Title: Snoop Has Unreleased Song With MJ
Details: Appearing on Sirius XM, Snoop Dogg revealed he has an unreleased collaboration with Michael Jackson.“Me and Michael was family. His family, my family love each other. We have a record that never came out together,” he said.Snoop explained the track came when Jackson’s dressing room was placed next to his during an event in Las Vegas. “They like, ‘You know Michael Jackson dressing room next door.’ Like, ‘No it ain’t.’ They like, ‘Yeah it is.’ I’m like, ‘Hold on.’”He added: “I gotta find out [who has the masters]. It’s a record that we done for—you know he made records for the world—a peaceful, whole lot of artists on the record. He called me one night and it was crazy because of the way his voice came through the phone. He was like, ‘Snoop it’s Mike. I have this song I want you to get on.’”Snoop went on to say he would make an effort to track down the song. “I kinda want to hear it.”

Title: NSA Buys Your Data Without Warrants
Details: The National Security Agency has been purchasing Americans’ web browsing data from commercial data brokers without warrants, intelligence officials have disclosed.The purchases include information about the websites Americans visit and the apps they use, said Democrat Senator Ron Wyden, releasing newly unclassified letters he received from the Pentagon confirming the sales. The senator urged the Biden administration to stop the warrantless surveillance: “The U.S. government should not be funding and legitimizing a shady industry whose flagrant violations of Americans’ privacy are not just unethical, but illegal.”In a letter to Wyden, the NSA director said the purchases contain “information associated with electronic devices being used outside—and, in certain cases, inside—the United States.”When reached for comment by CNN, an NSA official said: “NSA purchases commercially available Netflow data for its cybersecurity mission, to include but not limited to inform the Agency’s collection, analysis, and dissemination of cyber threat intelligence. At all stages, NSA takes steps to minimize the collection of U.S. person information, to include application of technical filters.”

Title: Canary Islands Has Too Many Tourists
Details: Urban planners in Spain are raising urgent concerns about the Canary Islands facing a collapse due to excessive tourism and urban development.“The Canary Islands territory was more than overexploited. We had exceeded the carrying capacity of the territory by seven times, resulting in a scenario of systemic collapse due to the urban development structure,” said a spokesman for environmental NGO Ben Magec-Ecologists in Action.Juan Torres, Dean of the College of Architects of Gran Canaria: “On an urban planning and architectural level, we could not remain with mere cosmetic operations. We had to take the right steps so that we all join in the improvement plans, which were really needed in the Canary Islands.”One study found a 50% reduction in the Canary Islands’ capacity to assimilate the 14 million tourists it saw last year.

Title: ‘We Buy Ugly Homes’ Accused Of Deceit
Details: HomeVestors of America, the self-described largest homebuyer in the country, is reforming business practices following an investigation exposing predatory tactics used by its franchisees.Among these are the 1,100 “We Buy Ugly Houses” franchises, which will now be required to provide homeowners who sell to them with a simple disclosure. The disclosure provides a three-day window to terminate a sales contract—a safeguard that activists say is critical to guarding against aggressive tactics often employed by cash homebuyers.The changes come in response to reports last year that found some franchises used deception and aggressive sales tactics to persuade homeowners in vulnerable situations to sell their homes for far below market prices.Spokesperson: “HomeVestors takes very seriously the responsibility that comes with being the most recognized brand in residential real estate investing franchising. We will continue to work to ensure that our core values are reflected in everything we do.”

Title: New Robot Cooks, Cleans, Guards Home
Details: A Norweigan company has introduced a humanoid robot capable of basically being both husband and wife. It can cook, clean, shop, tutor, and guard houses.Named EVE, the bot stands six feet two inches, weighs 192 pounds, travels at nine miles per hour, carries 33 pounds, and operates six hours on a single one-hour charge.It’s equipped with cameras, sensors, wheels, and gripper hands and uses a modified version of GPT-4 for task handling, including generating creative recipes and cooking them. EVE can also interact with visitors and employees to greet, guide, and assist them.The robot operates autonomously by default but can report back to the operator if it detects an issue or needs guidance.

Title: Pets Save Owners From Dementia
Details: Pets are one of the best ways to keep your mind sharp if you’re over 50 and live alone, a new study has found.Older pet owners living alone showed significantly reduced cognitive decline than those who didn’t have a furry friend and lived alone. “Pet association was associated with slower rates of decline in composite verbal cognition, verbal memory, and verbal fluency among individuals living alone,” said one researcher.The study observed nearly 8,000 older adults over nine years, showing that those with pets had similar cognitive health as those living with others. Another study in 2016 found that pets, particularly dogs, may reduce brain age by up to 15 years and improve various cognitive functions.

