Title: Furniture 3D Printed In Minutes
Details: MIT researchers have engineered a new 3D printing technique using liquid metal that can produce furniture parts like table and chair legs within minutes.The process involves depositing molten aluminum along a predefined path, which quickly hardens to form sturdy structures. Despite its speed, this technique currently sacrifices high resolution for faster printing, resulting in some irregularities in the final products.The goal is to refine this method for more reliable use, potentially revolutionizing metal manufacturing with the ability to recycle aluminum.Skylar Tibbits, senior researcher: “If we could make this machine something that people could actually use to melt down recycled aluminum and print parts, that would be a game-changer in metal manufacturing. Right now, it is not reliable enough to do that, but that’s the goal.”

Title: Tigers In Russia Go On Rampage
Details: Tigers in Russia have gone on a series of attacks, including killing two people. These incidents occurred after Putin supported the rehabilitation of Amur tigers to their natural habitat, leading to their population rising to over 750.The attacks include a fatal mauling and a tiger entering a home and injuring a teenager. They’ve also killed several guard dogs, with brutal scenes captured on security cameras across various regions.Zoologist: “In my view, increased tiger attacks are associated with the destruction of the predator’s habitats due to logging, excessive hunting of the tiger’s prey, and African swine fever, which has decimated the remaining wild boar population.”

Title: Protesters Throw Soup At Mona Lisa
Details: Environmental protesters threw pumpkin soup at the glass-protected Mona Lisa in France to draw attention to the need for “healthy and sustainable food.” The Louvre said the work was not damaged.A video shows two women wearing T-shirts that read “food counterattack” throwing the liquid. They then stand in front of the painting, saying: “What is more important? Art or the right to healthy and sustainable food? Your agricultural system is sick. Our farmers are dying at work.”France’s minister of culture wrote on X that “no cause” could justify the act. “Like our heritage, Mona Lisa belongs to future generations.”The Mona Lisa has been behind safety glass since the early 1950s, when it was damaged by a visitor who poured acid on it.

Title: U.S. May Pause Weapons To Israel
Details: The Biden administration is reviewing U.S. weapons sales to Israel as a potential leverage point to influence Israel’s military actions in Gaza. This shift in strategy follows weeks of unsuccessful diplomatic efforts to persuade Israel to minimize civilian casualties and change tactics in Gaza.U.S. officials are considering delaying or pausing weapon deliveries, with a focus on offensive military equipment. Incredibly, the administration has also discussed offering more weaponry as an incentive for Israel to comply with U.S. requests.The discussions come as Biden and other officials have expressed private exasperation with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu's handling of the conflict. Over 26,000 Palestinians have been killed since October 7.

Title: Older Women Porn Booms In Japan
Details: Japan’s “silver porn” market is booming, reflecting the country’s super-aging society due to its record-low birthrate.One woman, 65, has appeared in dozens of adult movies. Following a divorce in her 50s, she was getting by on wages from supermarkets before discovering the growing porn genre. Her two adult daughters, with whom she lives in Tokyo, were surprisingly supportive. “They said I looked comfortable with the idea, so they were happy for me to go ahead.”She’s not the only one. An 88-year-old Japanese woman, who didn’t make her debut until her early 80s, has also gained fame for her work. The Guinness World Records has recognized that the oldest porn stars come from Japan.Last year, the proportion of Japanese aged 80 or older reached one in ten for the first time. This came as fewer than 800,000 babies were born, the lowest figure since Japan started keeping records. Prime Minister Fumio Kishida has called the situation a “crisis” and has channeled billions of dollars toward potential solutions, such as incentives for having kids.

Title: Passengers Are Avoiding Boeing Planes
Details: After all Boeing Max 9s were grounded for weeks because of safety concerns, the Federal Aviation Authority is clearing them for takeoff again. Some passengers say they will change their ticket if they find out they’re flying on one of the planes.One woman made a video on TikTok about how she avoids flying on any of the Boeing jets because of safety concerns. “If I’m flying, I want to be flying,” she said, adding that she’ll even pick a middle seat on a different plane. A flurry of users commented to express their agreement.Alaska Airlines and United Airlines are the only U.S. airlines flying the planes, and customers can check the aircraft model before booking.

Title: Banksy Car Door Goes On Auction
Details: A piece from Banksy’s 2013 New York installation “Crazy Horse” is being auctioned. It’s a car door painted with a scene of horses and people.“Crazy Horse” included an audio component of a 2007 Apache airstrike in Baghdad, highlighting the chilling indifference of the soldiers involved in the airstrike. One soldier can be heard remarking, “Oh well. Well it’s their fault for bringing their kids to a battle.”The art also encompassed two vehicles, depicting a powerful scene of stampeding horses bearing down on a group of terrified people. Bids for the car door are estimated to reach as much as $200,000 by closing.

Title: Toxic Metals Linked To Ovarian Aging
Details: A new study finds that metals commonly found in drinking water, air pollution, and food contamination are linked to earlier aging of ovaries.The condition, known as diminished ovarian reserve, is associated with health issues like hot flashes, bone weakness, and heart disease. Heavy metals like arsenic, cadmium, mercury, and lead were found to accelerate this process, resulting in lower egg count in women approaching menopause.Researcher: “Metals, including arsenic and cadmium, possess endocrine disrupting characteristics and may be potentially toxic to the ovaries. We need to study the younger population as well to fully understand the role of chemicals in diminished ovarian reserve and infertility.”

Title: U.S. Schools Rethink Reading
Details: Cities and states across the U.S. are overhauling school reading curriculums, aiming to close gaps that officials say have been exacerbated by COVID. About 40% of U.S. fourth graders are below basic reading proficiency, leading 37 states and D.C. to pursue new teaching methods.A new approach called “the science of reading” teaches reading much more explicitly by stressing vocabulary, comprehension, and phonics. It came in response to studies finding that the traditional method, which directs teachers to read aloud to kids and teach strategies like guessing words based on pictures, was based on kids’ intuition, only working for some.Studies claim that phonics-based instruction is effective at raising test scores across the board. Schools are now combining both the traditional and new approaches, in hopes that a universal increase in reading proficiency can be achieved.Mississippi’s success is cited as a model. Since 2013, the state has risen from 49th to 21st in fourth-grade reading proficiency.

Title: Rare Ferrari Called ‘Work Of Art’
Details: Van Halen rocker Sammy Hagar has postponed the auction of his 2015 rare Ferrari to the fall, describing it as a “true work of art and a totally explosive driving experience.”The supercar was originally going to be sold this weekend, but it’s been pushed back because of the discovery of the car’s high-voltage battery nearing its lifespan’s end. The power source will be replaced to ensure the car will be in pristine condition.The auction of the LaFerrari, originally priced at $1.4 million in 2015, is expected to fetch up to $5 million due to Hagar’s celebrity status. It can reach 60 miles per hour in 2.5 seconds.

