Title: France Creates ‘Utopia’ For Elderly
Details: In France, a village is experimenting with architecture to “give real life back” to people with Alzheimer’s. As one staff member puts it, the goal is to “create conditions where they don’t just stay in a room waiting to die.”Village Landais Alzheimer comes in response to the restrictive nature of conventional care homes. Modeled after a traditional community, it focuses on maximizing resident autonomy within a secure setting, being fenced for safety but offering ample freedom for residents to move around, socialize, and engage in activities like gardening and animal care. Private and shared living spaces are designed to foster a sense of community and maintain the dignity of the residents. There’s also a make-believe shop, where villagers can “buy” products they don’t actually pay for.The architects emphasized daylight, strong connections with the outdoors, materials that are natural and pleasurable, and corridors that are enjoyable places to linger.In conventional care homes, residents are typically kept behind locked doors and rarely granted a walk outside. They’re stuck in armchairs in front of blaring televisions, surrounded by medical equipment, deprived of the ability to make decisions about almost anything.

Title: All Eyes On AAPL, MSFT
Details: This week is crucial for the stock market, featuring key events such as earnings reports from major companies, a Federal Reserve interest rate decision, and the January jobs report.Microsoft and Apple, two of the world’s largest companies, are set to release their earnings results, and their performance could sway the market.The Fed’s interest rate decision is another crucial event. Investors are particularly interested in any hints regarding future interest rate cuts.Wall Street has high expectations for 2024: a 12.2% growth in S&P 500 earnings, well above the ten-year average of 8.4%. If earnings fall short, they could shake the market.

Title: Mayor Urges Men To Have Sex More
Details: A Russian mayor is calling for a tenfold increase in the birth rate, suggesting men should “sneak up” on their wives and impregnate them as soon as possible.Mikhail Minenkov’s town has a population of about 117,000 with only around 700 children born each year, which Minenkov said in a video is leading toward the “degradation” of society. “If there’ll be few of us, we’ll lose everywhere and in everything,” he warned.”I want to address the men. This evening, sneak up on your loved ones so that in exactly nine months, not 700, but 10,000 children are born,” he said. “One mustn’t sleep, eat, or drink; instead, one must fall in love.”Putin has similarly emphasized the need for more children, declaring 2024 the “Year of the Family.”

Title: Meta Wants To Be The Android Of VR
Details: Meta is hoping Apple’s Vision Pro will “reinvigorate its $50 billion metaverse effort, which consumers have yet to widely embrace.”Zuckerberg has explored virtuality reality for years, releasing his company’s third Quest headset last year. Per The Wall Street Journal, “Meta employees see the Quest and its software ecosystem emerging as a primary alternative to Apple in the space, filling the role played by Google’s Android in smartphones. The battle that Meta executives and industry insiders see coming centers on software makers who will play an outsize role in developing applications that will draw more users.”Apple executives have been critical of the so-called “metaverse” in the past. Tim Cook has questioned whether the “average person can tell you what the metaverse is.”

Title: SNL Thinks ‘De-Banking’ Is Fake
Details: Saturday Night Live was mocked after suggesting the term “de-banking” was a made-up word by Trump.SNL’s Colin Jost joked about not understanding “de-bank,” comparing it to other made-up words.Jost: “Trump did have a slight stumble this week while talking about banks, and he introduced an interesting new term called de-bank. I don't know what the hell de-bank means, but you might have to take ‘de-ambulance’ to see ‘de-doctor.’”However, “de-banking” is a real term used to refer to banks closing people or organizations’ accounts, sometimes without appeal, after perceiving them to be a legal, financial, or reputational threat.

Title: Man Eats Costco Hot Dogs Every Day
Details: One Cleveland man unhappy with the rising prices of food has eaten Costco hot dogs for a week, spending only under $45.Joey Kinsley consumed 29 meals, each consisting of a hot dog and soda, costing about $1.50 total. He documented his journey on TikTok.Kinsley: “It was the first time I've ever had a Costco hot dog. I didn't realize how big it was. It's massive. At $1.50 hot dog, it's an awesome deal. It's a deal that is unheard of in 2024, especially without the prices of everything now. I balled on a budget. The fact I lost four pounds was mind-blowing. I enjoyed what I ate, and I lost weight, and I was like, ‘I think I might be on or something here.’”

Title: App Combines Browser, AI
Details: Arc Search, a new iOS app, offers an innovative way to browse the internet by combining a browser, search engine, and AI chatbot.Users can type in a query and tap “browse for me,” and the app creates a customized web page with collected information. It scours the web for data, compiling various sources like X and news websites into a single, informative page. The underlying AI models come from a mix of OpenAI and others.One user searched for a game that had just ended: “What happened in the Chiefs game.” He said: “I got the headline: Chiefs win. I got the final score, the key play, a ‘notable event’ that also just said the Chiefs won, a bunch of related links, and some more bullet points about the game.”

Title: City Loses In-N-Out, Wants New Mayor
Details: In-N-Out Burger in Oakland, California, is closing because of high crime, and residents are now demanding a recall of the mayor. The closure is a first in the company’s 75-year history.Last week, the COO of In-N-Out Burger announced: “Despite taking repeated steps to create safer conditions, our customers and associates are regularly victimized by car break-ins, property damage, theft, and armed robberies. Our top priority must be the safety and well-being of our Customers and Associates… We cannot ask them to visit or work in an unsafe environment.”On Friday, the group Oakland United to Recall Sheng Thao published a notice of intent to recall the mayor. It says it will begin collecting signatures toward the effort beginning in February.“After missing the deadline to apply for a retail theft grant worth millions of dollars to assist Oakland in battling crime, she has now failed once again to respond to voters as to why she should not be recalled. Mayor Thao must realize that there is no defense for the indefensible. The current state of Oakland is deplorable, and she is directly at fault,” a spokesperson for the group said.

Title: Armored Exoskeleton Made For Police
Details: A German company has manufactured an armored exoskeleton for the military and police that is designed to reduce load and provide bulletproof protection. It can redistribute up to 70% of a wearer’s load from the shoulders to the ground.The titanium exoskeleton is capable of withstanding hits from 7.62 × 39-mm rounds, which are used in AK-47 rifles, from about 30 feet. Despite its robust protection, the ExoM maintains up to 99% of the wearer’s range of motion due to its flexible design, inducing a flexible spine, sliding waist belt, and articulated hip, knee, and ankle joints.

Title: Chameleon Erupts In Color
Details: Researchers captured footage of a chameleon erupting in color in her final moments before death “as if uttering her last words.” Her skin burst into vibrant colors, a phenomenon not previously observed in the wild.This species, one of the shortest-lived vertebrates, has a lifespan of only four to five months after hatching. The programmed death after reproduction is a survival strategy seen in other species, including octopuses and moths.Documentary narrator: “In her last moments, her skin erupts with color, as if uttering her last words.”

