Title: Seaweed Could Survive Nuclear War
Details: A team of international researchers says seaweed could survive a nuclear war and avert famine. The algae, rich in nutrients, already provide livelihoods for coastal communities in many lower-income countries.The scientists used available nuclear winter climate data to simulate seaweed growth after a catastrophic global event. They discovered the food source can still grow in reduced sunlight scenarios, typical of nuclear winters, by photosynthesizing with lower light levels.Amazingly, within nine months of intensified seaweed farming following a global disaster, nearly half of the global food demand could be met.Scientist: “Investing in the construction of seaweed farms could prevent global famine in abrupt sunlight reduction scenarios, potentially averting a significant number of deaths from starvation.”

Title: Super Bowl: 49ers Vs. Chiefs
Details: The San Francisco 49ers and Kansas City Chiefs will play in this year’s Super Bowl on February 11 in Las Vegas. The 49ers, NFC’s top seed with a 12-5 record, face the AFC’s third seed Chiefs, who finished 11-6.For the 49ers, they are making an eighth appearance in the Super Bowl, but have a chance to win their first since 1994. The Chiefs have made it six times, winning three.ESPN’s Football Power Index favors the 49ers with a 59% chance to win, but analysts’ predictions are split due to each team’s unique strengths.Usher will headline the halftime show.

Title: $400K Job Without College Degree
Details: Walmart store managers, who don’t need a college degree, can earn as much as $400,000 annually thanks to yearly stock grants. The position is in high demand while other retailers like Amazon, Macy’s, and Wayfair are cutting jobs.Starting in April, all U.S. store managers will receive as much as $20,000 in Walmart stock every year, as the world’s largest retailer seeks to attract and retain staff. Managers can now receive as much as 200% of their base salary, $128,000, in bonuses if targets are met.“We are asking them to act like owners and to think like owners,” said John Furner, CEO of Walmart U.S., who worked as a store manager after starting at the company as an hourly employee over 30 years ago.

Title: Schools Urged To Teach Deepfakes
Details: Researchers are urging schools to add deepfake education to curricula as the world faces a “profound societal threat.” The request comes as the World Economic Forum has ranked deepfakes as the most severe global short-term risk the world faces in the next two years.The researchers say misinformation spurred by fake images and videos will rupture society and impact elections. Celebrities can be depicted saying things they have never said, influencing millions. Then there is deepfake pornography, where the face of someone is superimposed onto explicit content.Experts fear that young children are not aware this technology is as prevalent as it is. Educational proposals include having students produce deepfakes themselves to realize how easy it is and then discussing the ramifications. The hope is for young people to stop seeing the technology as exciting but rather as a threat that could harm anyone.

Title: UK Is Banning Disposable Vapes
Details: The UK government plans to ban disposable vapes to curb rising levels among youth. The move follows a significant rise in vaping among 11 to 17-year-olds, from 4.1% in 2020 to 7.6%.Prime Minister Rishi Sunak suggested adult smokers trying to quit would still have access to alternatives like vapes under the proposals.Local authorities can impose a maximum fine of £2,500 and the government announced a £30m package to support enforcement in October. The ban, expected to be in force by early 2025, aligns with similar measures in countries like Australia and New Zealand.Sunak: “Children shouldn't be vaping, we don't want them to get addicted, we still don't understand the full long-term health impacts.”In 2019, the UK pledged to make England “smokefree,” defined as smoking rates of 5% or less, by 2030.

Title: Britney Spears Apologizes For Offense
Details: Britney Spears has apologized for any offense caused by her memoir that she released last October. The book included allegations about her former partner, Justin Timberlake, including that he pressured her to get an abortion.Spears wrote in an Instagram post: “I wanna apologize for some of the things I wrote about in my book. If I offended any of the people I genuinely care about I am deeply sorry. I also wanted to say I am in love with Justin Timberlake’s new song ‘Selfish.’ It is soo good and how come every time I see Justin and Jimmy together I laugh so hard ??? Ps ‘Sanctified’ is wow too.”The apology follows fan reactions where Spears’ 2011 song, also named “Selfish,” outperformed Timberlake’s new release on iTunes.Last October, Spears clarified the book’s “purpose was not to offend anyone by any means” but rather to give closure.

Title: Testosterone Gel Alters Behavior
Details: An experimental study on healthy young men revealed that testosterone gel impairs prosocial behavior, which is the tendency to act in a way “favored” by society when observed by others.The study involved 190 healthy adult men aged 18 to 40, tasked with performing small tasks to maximize monetary rewards for an NGO. One group was the control group while the other group applied a single dose of testosterone gel to their upper arms and shoulders.Compared to the control group, the testosterone group participants made fewer correct choices in the task both when they were being observed and when they were working in private. The study suggests that increased testosterone leads people to act in a way deemed unfavorable by society.

Title: Farmers Launch Tractor Siege In Paris
Details: French farmers have started an indefinite tractor siege of Paris, causing major traffic disruptions and leading the city to warn that it only has three days of food. The protest is a response to dissatisfaction with work conditions, income levels, and environmental policies.The siege includes blocking key routes with tractors and hay bales, aiming to pressurize the government for solutions. 15,000 police officers have been deployed, and the government is negotiating with farmers to resolve the crisis.French farmers assert that prices for fertilizer and energy have dramatically soared because of the war in Ukraine, eating into their incomes and making farming untenable for some. They also cite net zero carbon policies, which they say make it nearly impossible to compete with other nations.One farmer: “We need answers. This is the final battle for farming. It's a question of survival.”Another protester emphasized that they were “not there to starve the French people” but to send a message.

Title: U.S. Enters New ‘Gilded Age’
Details: While retail sales in general have been falling, the ultra-wealthy are spending more on luxury goods and experiences. Their spending has grown by the same amount the average person’s spending has decreased.Last year’s boom in the $2.1 trillion luxury goods market was driven almost entirely by wealthy Gen Z and millennials. According to an analysis from Bain, “the spending of Gen Z and even the younger Generation Alpha is set to grow three times faster than other generations through 2030.”Additionally, the boom wasn’t fueled by China but by the U.S. Specifically, it was New York that doubled down on its status as the luxury capital of the world.Luxury experts say there’s simply been so much wealth created over the past two decades that even a 20% stock market price correction is a blip for the top 5% of the market. There is now also intergenerational wealth, leading brands like Vuitton, Hermès, and Chanel, whom people have grown up with, to especially prosper.Rana Foroohar, analyst: “One of the most interesting differences between the post-COVID luxury boom and the post-2008 market is that, this time around, there seems to be no worry about conspicuous consumption.”

Title: Slayer Movie Inspired By SpongeBob
Details: Emile Hirsch stars in the thriller “Walden,” playing a court stenographer who seeks revenge on criminals who bypass prosecution. Initially unsure of the role, he says found inspiration in SpongeBob.Hirsch: “I had just finished watching six seasons of ‘SpongeBob SquarePants’ with my friends. And there was just something so funny about SpongeBob and Squidward and Mr. Krabs. In certain moments SpongeBob’s unrelenting positivity.”“It felt like a eureka moment because suddenly, suddenly the character made sense to me. The sense of humor that he had, his pathos, his kind of turning into this vigilante who does these pretty, you know, heinous things in a way, even though you’re kind of grimly satisfied that he’s taken out the trash,” the actor added.

