Title: Epstein List To Be Unsealed Today
Details: The first of over 150 names connected to Jeffrey Epstein are expected to be unsealed today, The Messenger reports, citing a federal court official.“The unsealing is expected to begin today,” Ed Friedland, the district executive for the Southern District of New York, told the media outlet.Likely, the list will include prominent figures whose connections to Epstein are already known, such as former President Bill Clinton, who has been identified as “Doe 36,” and Prince Andrew. Activists hope, however, that new names will emerge.Notably, three names on the list will be sealed until January 22, Mediaite reported. This delay was requested by an unidentified “John Doe 107,” citing a risk of physical harm and hate mail received.

Title: Study: Vegan Food Is Not Healthier
Details: A study of nearly 2,000 meals from 50 fast food chains across five countries revealed that vegan options aren't necessarily lower in calories compared to meat-based meals.The plant-based meals were found to have less protein and sodium but more carbohydrates and sugar, challenging the common perception that all vegan fast-food options are a healthier choice.Mikołaj Kamiński, lead author from the Poznań University of Medical Sciences: “Our findings revealed that plant-based fast-food meals were more likely to contain more carbohydrates and sugar than meat-based equivalents. Surprisingly, our study shows that plant-based meals are not associated with lower calories, which consumers may not realize.”“This really emphasizes the importance of making informed food choices, especially when it comes to consuming fast food—even more so if you suffer from a metabolic disorder like type 2 diabetes. It exposes the illusion that plant-based alternatives of popular fast-food dishes are automatically a healthier choice.”The study also noted that meat-based meals are more likely to contain allergens such as dairy and eggs, while plant-based meals may have allergens like sesame, seeds, and nuts.

Title: Driverless Cars Immune From Tickets
Details: In California, police have been instructed that autonomous vehicles cannot be penalized for traffic tickets, though they can receive parking violations.The reason is both simple and indicative of how far technology has come: current state law mandates there be a driver for traffic tickets to be written. This legal gap has raised concerns, as incidents like a Cruise robo-taxi striking a pedestrian in 2018 demonstrate the potential risks of driverless cars.Other states like Texas and Arizona have updated laws to hold operators of autonomous vehicles accountable for traffic violations, even if no one is behind the wheel. The California DMV stated it could establish requirements to ensure the safe operation of autonomous vehicles, but no specific actions have been taken yet.San Francisco's Police Chief Bill Scott: “Technology evolves rapidly and, at times, faster than legislation or regulations can adapt to the changes.”

Title: Scientology Faces RICO Charges
Details: A court filing accuses the Church of Scientology of operating as a “criminal enterprise” and engaging in “a pattern of racketeering activity” that violates laws targeting Mafia activity.The allegations stem from the rape accusers of Danny Masterson, a Scientologist and actor. In September, he was sentenced to 30 years to life in prison for the rape of two women.Three more rape claims have since been alleged, and they now involve the Church of Scientology at large and its leader, David Miscavige. The original lawsuit, filed nearly five years ago, claimed the accusers were targeted by the Church after they contacted the LAPD with their rape claims against Masterson.The new lawsuit: “While presenting itself outwardly as a respectable organization, Scientology's criminal enterprise has implemented a policy of terrorizing victims (and witnesses) of its crimes—whether or not those victims (or witnesses) are Scientologists—into keeping Scientology's crimes secret.”“This begins by inculcating its members to distrust outsiders, and particularly to distrust governmental enforcement. Scientology's criminal enterprise has a strict policy against reporting crimes to the authorities, and if a member does find the courage to go to the authorities, Scientology's criminal enterprise and its agents engage in a coordinated effort to wreak havoc on the victim's life through a targeted harassment campaign,” it adds.A spokesperson for the Church told Deadline: “The allegations about the Church are complete fabrications and the litigation nothing but an attempted money grab.”Scientology was founded in the 1950s by science fiction author L. Ron Hubbard. It affirms the existence of a higher deity without defining its nature, and it asserts that humans are immortal and possess infinite capabilities, among other beliefs. Prominent Scientologists include Tom Cruise, John Travolta, and Vivian Kubrick, the daughter of filmmaker Stanley Kubrick.

Title: Russia's Economy Defies Sanctions
Details: Western sanctions have yet to force Russia to end the war in Ukraine, partly due to a misunderstanding of Russia's economic structure.Russian economist Vladislav Inozemtsev argues that the West's assumption of Russia as a rigid, state-run economy is flawed and that it's more of a market economy.Private sectors in Russia have adapted rapidly, redirecting trade like oil exports from Europe to Asia and developing new supply chains to avoid sanctions.Russia's economy reportedly grew by 5.5% in the third quarter of 2023 and is expected to see continued growth, although growth is expected to slow to 1.1% due to high-interest rates.Vladislav Inozemtsev, Russian economist: “The main mistake of Western experts and politicians was to create fairy tales that the entire Russian economy is state-run. But that was a mistake, because the Russian economy is very much a market economy… No one would say that the American economy was a war economy.”

Title: Mercedes Unveils First Skyscraper
Details: Mercedes-Benz has revealed plans for its first branded residential skyscraper, which will be built in Dubai.The 65-story building will stand 373 yards tall near the Burj Khalifa, featuring 225 apartments and various luxury amenities. Its design boasts a sinuous shape, a curved pinnacle, and facades marked with the iconic three-pointed star logo.Set for completion in 2026, this tower joins a growing trend of car brands venturing into luxury real estate, alongside Bugatti, Bentley, and Porsche.“With Mercedes-Benz Places in Dubai, we are going beyond automotive to create outstanding brand moments. Our aim with our first branded real estate residential tower is to create new, desirable grounds that inherit our brand's DNA and give our customers a place to arrive, unwind, and come home to,” said Britta Seeger, a member of the management board for Mercedes-Benz Group AG.

Title: Jan 6ers Have Received 847 Years
Details: Over 450 individuals involved in the Capitol riot on January 6, 2021, have received a combined total of 847 years in prison as of late 2023.Sentences ranged from a few days to a record 22 years, with one defendant receiving the lightest penalty of six days, intermittently on weekends.Despite not even being in Washington during the riot, former Proud Boys leader Enrique Tarrio had the heaviest sentence at 22 years for organizing more than 200 to breach the Capitol, being convicted of seditious conspiracy.The Department of Justice and FBI continue their investigations at an “unprecedented speed and scale,” with 1,237 arrests made so far.The most common charges have included entering a restricted federal building, obstruction, assault, destruction of property, and possession of deadly weapons.Department of Justice officials: “The Department of Justice’s resolve to hold accountable those who committed crimes on January 6, 2021, has not, and will not, wane.”

Title: Women Take Advantage Of Birth Tourism
Details: Social media is popularizing “birth tourism,” where expecting mothers travel abroad to give birth and reap benefits like citizenship and better healthcare. Critics label the trend as “tone deaf” and “ignorant,” citing concerns about immigration laws.The trend is based on a legal principle called jus soli, or the law of the soil, which grants citizenship to all people born in the nation. Some nations, like the U.S., follow this policy, while others require the parents to also be citizens. Former President Trump has pledged to abolish the policy, often called birthright citizenship, if re-elected.One woman wrote on TikTok: “Join my email list and learn how to get an extra passport! My guide to birthright citizenship is coming soon.”Akua Ohenetwene Aboagye, U.S. immigration attorney: “They are treating U.S. citizenship like a commodity, like something that can be bought. The U.S. government does not like that because they want to make sure it maintains its integrity. It’s not something that you can just purchase off of the market.”She added: “They provide fictitious bank statements, they coach people how to lie at their immigration interviews. They just show them how to just pretty much avoid following the rules so that they can get what they are looking for, which is ultimately U.S. citizenship for their children. Once you try to sidestep these rules, then you will get a bad history because it’s going to be noted on your immigration record, so you are just going to be pretty much barred from entering the U.S.”

Title: UK Pushes For Even More Surveillance
Details: The UK is planning to expand its already extensive surveillance laws with a new bill that industry executives and activists say will infringe on efforts to protect user privacy.The bill, which is amending the landmark Investigatory Powers Act, would prevent tech companies from making updates that would make it harder for information to be shared with the government.Industry body TechUK argues that the changes would “grant a de facto power to indefinitely veto companies from making changes to their products and services offered in the U.K.”“Using this power, the government could prevent the implementation of new end-to-end encryption, or stop developers from patching vulnerabilities in code that the government or their partners would like to exploit,” Meredith Whittaker, president of secure messaging app Signal, told POLITICO.Tech companies, including Apple, WhatsApp, and Signal, have threatened to withdraw their services from the UK if the bill undermines encryption standards. The government insists the amendments are merely technical tweaks.Silkie Carlo, director of Big Brother Watch: “What we're seeing across these different bills is a continual edging further towards … turning private tech companies into arms of a surveillance state.”

Title: Denver Houses Over 1,000 Homeless
Details: The mayor of Denver announced that the city reached his promise of housing 1,000 homeless people by the end of 2023. For the new year, he’s inaugurated the city's first “micro-community,” which has already housed 54 people.The community features shelters developed by the company Pallet, which include beds, desks, and storage, along with community amenities like laundry, bathrooms, and pet care.Despite concerns from local residents about potential increases in crime and decreased property values, the city is optimistic, planning more micro-communities to open this year.Mike Johnston, mayor: “That is the spirit of what these folks put in. Not just because they believed in the mission, but because they believe in the neighbors that they needed them to deliver these sites on time so no one had to go into New Year’s and stay outside in the cold.”Amy King, CEO of Pallet: “We're really grateful at Pallet to be part of what's happening here. We have over 120 sites across the country.  And we're really excited about this one here, considering the volume of the crisis here.”

