Title: Epstein Files Unsealed
Details: Hundreds of pages of documents related to Jeffrey Epstein were unsealed today, featuring names of accusers, celebrities, politicians, and more.The documents come from a lawsuit against Epstein’s former girlfriend and partner-in-crime, Ghislaine Maxwell. They include depositions, police reports, and other court filings.Prominent figures mentioned in the documents include:Former President Bill ClintonFormer President Donald TrumpFormer Vice President Al GoreUK’s Prince AndrewStephen HawkingNaomi CampbellKevin SpaceyLeonardo DiCaprioGeorge LucasCameron DiazIt’s important to emphasize that their inclusion does not necessarily imply wrongdoing; they could have merely been mentioned in passing.For example, Stephen Hawking was mentioned by Epstein in an email to Maxwell. Epstein wrote that the physicist, who was disabled and used a wheelchair, had visited his private island, suggesting that would help him beat his child sex-trafficking allegations. “And the new version in the virgin islands that stven hawking partica-ted in an underage orgy,” Epstein wrote.Other mentions are more damning.

Title: ‘Clinton Likes Them Young’
Details: Among the lowlights of the Epstein files is a testimony from one witness regarding former President Bill Clinton.An interrogator asked the witness during a confidential conversation: “Do you know if Bill Clinton was a friend of Jeffrey Epstein?”Witness: “I knew he had dealings with Bill Clinton. I did not know they were friends until I read the Vanity Fair article about them going to Africa together.”Interrogator: “Did Jeffrey ever talk to you about Bill Clinton?”Witness: “He said one time that Clinton likes them young, referring to girls.”When asked for comment, a Clinton Foundation spokesperson referred the media outlet The Messenger to a 2019 statement that said the former president "knew nothing about the terrible crimes Jeffrey Epstein pleaded guilty to... or those with which he has recently been charged.”

Title: Alan Dershowitz Accused Of Forced Sex
Details: Damning accusations in the Epstein files include those surrounding former Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.According to the documents: “One such powerful individual that Epstein forced then-minor Jane Doe #3 to have sexual relations with was former Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz, a close friend of Epstein’s and well-known criminal defense attorney. Epstein required Jane Doe #3 to have sexual relations with Dershowitz on numerous occasions while she was a minor, not only in Florida but also on private planes, in New York, New Mexico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.”Currently, Israel is considering hiring Dershowitz to represent the Jewish state against accusations of genocide at the International Court of Justice. It’s unclear if these accusations will affect that consideration.

Title: 93% Of U.S. Schools Start Too Early
Details: 93% of U.S. high schools start earlier than 8:30AM, the recommended time by the American Academy of Pediatrics. Experts warn this contributes to a lack of sleep and other health concerns in teens.A study found that 40% of American high schools start before 8:00AM, and more than 20% start at 7:45AM or earlier. Only 15% start at or after 8:30AM.Louisiana has the earliest average start time at 7:30AM, while only Washington, D.C., Alaska, and South Carolina meet the recommended start time.The early start times are largely due to issues like school bus schedules, with high schoolers typically being picked up first.Sleep deprivation in teens is linked to poor academic performance, mood disorders, risky behaviors, car crashes, and physical health problems like obesity and diabetes.Some states are advocating for later start times, with California leading the charge by mandating later starts for middle and high schools.

Title: Young Thug Launches New Clothing Line
Details: Young Thug (Truly Humbled Under God) has announced a new clothing line, “Act Normal,” on Instagram amid his RICO trial.The artist posted a link to the line on his Instagram story with the caption: “If you support me then…you know the rest.”The Act Normal website features a minimalist black and brown design with a “Coming Soon” title, hinting at future collections and offering a newsletter subscription for updates and discounts.The brand's Instagram is already up, with a classy logo and featured tagline: “Be the reason the world changes.” “Manufactured in Paris” is also visible on the tag in the image.Entrepreneur Isaiah GQ is reportedly involved with Act Normal, which is set to be a separate venture from Thug's existing Spider clothing line.“When the world is in chaos we do what the rest of the world isn’t doing,” an Instagram caption for the new clothing line reads.

Title: Judge Attacked During Sentencing
Details: A three-time felon fully leaped a judge during his sentencing in a Las Vegas courtroom, injuring her and a marshal.Judge Holthus suffered a head injury after Deobra Redden’s jump but was reported to be okay. The injured marshal was also in stable condition. The incident occurred as Redden was being sentenced for attempted battery.Redden faces new charges of battery-on-a-protected-person, indicating the victim was “substantially harmed.”Clark County District Attorney Steve Wolfson: “Thank God the judge is okay. Thank God for the heroic efforts of those who came to her aid, especially her marshal and her law clerk. Without them, the situation would have been much worse as this defendant exhibited extremely violent behavior and I’m confident there will be consequences.”

Title: Universal Beats Disney At Box Office
Details: Universal Pictures became the highest-grossing studio of 2023, earning about $4.907 billion globally with successes like “The Super Mario Bros. Movie” and “Oppenheimer.” Disney, the previous leader since 2015, fell to second place, grossing $4.827 billion with films such as “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3” and “The Little Mermaid.”While Warner Bros’ “Barbie” led the top three movies globally with $1.4 billion, Universal’s titles also ranked among the top. Disney didn't have one in the top three for the first time since 2014.In November, Disney CEO Bob Iger seemed to be aware of the company’s shortfalls this year when he said during an earnings call: “I've always felt that quantity can be actually a negative when it comes to quality. And I think that's exactly what happened. We lost some focus.”

Title: Britney Spears Done With Industry
Details: Britney Spears has announced she would “never return to the music industry” in a new Instagram post.“Just so we're clear, most of the news is trash!!! They keep saying I'm turning to random people to do a new album… I will never return to the music industry!!! When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people!!!”She continued: “For those of you who have read my book, there's loads that you don't know about me… I've written over 20 songs for other people the past two years!!! I'm a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way!!! People are also saying MY BOOK WAS RELEASED WITHOUT MY APPROVAL ILLEGALLY and that's far from the truth… have you read the news these days??? I'm so LOVED and blessed!!!”The post was accompanied by a photo of Salome with the Head of Saint John the Baptist, a famous painting by Guido Reni, an Italian artist from the Baroque period.Spears' memoir, “The Woman In Me,” topped The New York Times' best-seller list in October.

Title: Lululemon Founder Slams DEI
Details: While many CEOs today are ramping up inclusivity, Lululemon's founder criticized the company for its diversity efforts.Chip Wilson, worth $8.7 billion, resigned as Lululemon’s chairman in 2013 and left the company entirely in 2015. In a new interview with Forbes, he insisted exclusivity trumps inclusivity.Wilson: Lululemon is “trying to become like the Gap, everything to everybody. And I think the definition of a brand is that you’re not everything to everybody… You’ve got to be clear that you don’t want certain customers coming in.”In November 2020, the company formed a new department named the Inclusion Diversity, Equity, and Action department. However, allegations of tokenism and bias in hiring practices continue.Lululemon said it “has made considerable progress since launching IDEA, and we are proud of the goals we have achieved, which include maintaining a continuous two-way dialogue with our people.”Wilson has seen his net worth grow by almost $4 billion since 2020, almost entirely from the rise in value of his 8% stake in Lululemon stock.

Title: Shia LaBeouf Considers Joining Clergy
Details: Shia LaBeouf has been confirmed into the Catholic Church and is considering becoming a deacon.He began exploring the vocation while filming “Padre Pio,” where he played the titular Italian priest and felt a connection to the Catholic faith.His confirmation was announced by the Capuchin Franciscans-Western American Province on Facebook: “We are thrilled to share that our dear friend Shia LaBeouf has fully entered the Church this past weekend through the sacrament of confirmation. The Capuchin Franciscan friars are overjoyed to welcome him into the fold and witness his deep commitment to his faith journey.”LaBeouf’s confirmation sponsor, Capuchin Friar Brother Alexander Rodriguez, told Catholic News Agency that the actor wants to become a deacon “sometime in the future.”He’s now focusing on his family and working on a film about the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy.

