Title: Brothels In D.C. Acted As ‘Honeypot’
Details: Six high-end brothels in the suburbs of Boston and Washington, D.C., were secretly set up by nations like Russia, China, and Israel to serve as espionage honeypots, intelligence experts claim. A honeypot is a scheme used to lure powerful actors to reveal secrets.These experts say all six sex houses were masterminded by a 41-year-old South Korean woman who targeted politicians, high-ranking government officials, and defense contractors. Confusion revolves around which country was behind the scheme, with Russia, China, South Korea, or Israel being the likely suspects.In November, these brothels were raided, with prosecutors looking to charge 28 people in Massachusetts alone. Members of Congress, military officers, and national security contractors who “possessed security clearances” were among the regular customers at the locations, prosecutors say.Intelligence experts note the locations of the brothels as evidence for them serving as honeypots. Two of the brothels operated from units in luxury apartment buildings just fifteen minutes away from the White House, Congress, Pentagon, and CIA, while the ones in Boston were near Harvard and MIT, which train government officials and produce reports for the Pentagon.A former foreign spy told The Daily Mail: “The most valuable information in Washington and Boston are government secrets. If you open a prostitution business that caters to wealthy clients in those cities, you'll get a lot of people walking through the doors that have access to them.”

Title: Mask Mandates Return In LA, NYC
Details: Los Angeles County reinstated a mask-wearing mandate at health care facilities due to a rise in Covid cases. Other areas like New York City, Massachusetts, and Delaware have also seen a return to masking requirements in health settings.The mandate triggers when the county enters the CDC’s “medium level” for hospital admissions.The threshold for the CDC’s “medium” level is 10 to 19.9 new Covid related hospital admissions per 100,000 people over one week.Currently, the county has seen 10.5 new COVID-19 hospitalizations per 100,000 people over a week.Despite the recent uptick, Covid cases and hospitalizations remain below the previous winter’s peak.Los Angeles County Department of Public Health: “Over the past week in Los Angeles County, there have been notable, yet not unexpected, increases in COVID-19 reported cases, hospitalizations, and deaths. While recent increases are significant, they remain considerably below last winter’s peak and common-sense protections are strongly recommended to help curb transmission and severe illness as the new year begins.”The Mass General Brigham health system in Massachusetts: “Our masking policies are based on the current respiratory illness rates in our communities.”

Title: Top Hamas Leader Killed By Israel
Details: A suspected Israeli attack in Beirut on January 2, 2024, targeted a Hamas gathering, killing at least seven members, including a key founding member, Saleh al-Arouri.The attack resulted in powerful explosions in a Beirut neighborhood, sending shock waves through the Middle East and halting hostage negotiations.Saleh al-Arouri was a founder of the Hamas military wing and deputy head of its political bureau.The explosion caused significant damage to the surrounding area, including a renowned sweet shop.

Title: Chinese Women Say No To More Babies
Details: China is experiencing a severe birth rate decline, with projections indicating a drop from 1.4 billion people to around half a billion by 2100. Young women are prioritizing themselves over the pressure to have children, contributing to the demographic crisis.The Chinese government is urgently promoting a “birth-friendly culture, with measures including government-organized matchmaking events and incentives for multiple children, to combat the falling birth rate and aging population.Women are resisting due to the high cost of raising children, a desire for personal freedom, and disillusionment with traditional roles. This resistance has led to accusations from the government that women are a threat to social stability.The drop in births is attributed to several factors, including the legacy of the one-child policy and changing societal norms. The total fertility rate is now approximately one child per woman, far below the 2.1 needed for a stable population.Clyde Yicheng Wang, assistant professor of Politics at Washington and Lee University: “It’s clear that he was not talking about risks faced by women but considering women as a major threat to social stability.”

Title: Streaming Services See Record Decline
Details: U.S. consumers are increasingly canceling subscriptions to major streaming services.The rate of those leaving rose to 6.3% in November from 5.1% a year earlier, as costs soared.It now costs over $120 to subscribe to nine major services, a significant increase from last year.Companies have raised prices by up to 43%, adding pressure on customer budgets.Despite the drop-offs, some Americans return to subscriptions, and companies are offering ad-supported plans to entice customers.

Title: People Are ‘Resetting’ Their Virginity
Details: As 2024 begins, social media users claim they've reset their “body counts” to zero, in a fresh start.Lil Nas X posted on New Year’s Day: “It’s 2024 meaning all of our body counts have reset to zero.”One user on X agreed: “Who else woke up a virgin?”Another user: “It’s a new year, body count back at zero ladies.”Isabelle Uren, sex expert: “Whether that’s shame surrounding how many people you’ve had sex with, who you’ve had sex with, or the type of sex you are having. And if there’s one thing we’re not taking into 2024, it’s sexual shame. The idea of going back to being a virgin also plays into the societally constructed idea that virginity represents purity and this is something desirable. Virginity is a societally constructed term and doesn’t have a physical, measurable basis, contrary to what many still believe. The term ‘body count’ really dehumanizes sex and takes out the relational quality of it.”

Title: Elon Musk Supports Suing Disney
Details: Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy is set to direct a new Star Wars movie, the first woman and Pakistani in this role, aiming to pick up Rey Skywalker's story in 2026.Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy: “I think it’s about time that we had a woman come forward to shape the story in a galaxy far, far away.”She continued: “[I want to help the] next generation of female filmmakers in my own home country of Pakistan. If I can lead the network of the next generation of filmmakers in Pakistan, that is the kind of legacy that I want to lead.”One user on X criticized the move: “At some point, Disney shareholders need to file a class action lawsuit for breach of its fiduciary duty. After several years of repeating these same failures I think it’s reasonable to argue that Disney has officially decided to put its ideology ahead of its shareholders.”Elon Musk agreed: “This is getting ridiculous.”Disney has faced criticism for an overemphasis on “woke” content, with a number of new films underperforming at the box office.

Title: Man Crawls Into Plane Engine, Dies
Details: A man was found deceased by police at Salt Lake City International Airport after he crawled into the engine of a Delta Air Lines jet.The 30-year-old accessed the airport's ramp area from the emergency exit and ran to the south end of the airport's west runway, crawling into the engine of a plane.Police said: “The aircraft's engines were rotating. The specific stage of engine operation remains under investigation.”Delta statement: “As nothing is more important than the safety and security of our customers and people, Delta is fully cooperating with all aviation authority and law enforcement investigations.”

Title: Trump Argues He Can’t Be Prosecuted
Details: In a new legal filing today, Trump argued that a president can never be prosecuted for his actions in office, urging a federal appeals court to eliminate charges he tried to overturn the 2020 election.Trump claims he is immune to the charges because he was president in the weeks between the election and the events on January 6, 2021, when he allegedly took part in a conspiracy to defraud voters by thwarting Biden’s election victory. He also argues that when the Senate acquitted him of impeachment, lawmakers also blocked a criminal prosecution."President Trump has immunity from prosecution for his official acts," Trump's lawyer, John Sauer, wrote. "The Constitution’s text, history, and policy support this conclusion."

Title: Italy Divided Over Pineapple Pizza
Details: A renowned pizzeria owner in Italy has already started controversy in the new year by adding to his menu pineapple pizza, a dish most Italians have historically seen as abhorrent.Gino Sorbillo, who owns a shop in Via dei Tribunali, the best-known pizza street in the world, called the pizza “Margherita con Ananas.” To be sure, this isn’t any standard Hawaiian pizza: it’s a pizza bianca, denuded of its tomato layer, sprinkled with no fewer than three types of cheese, with the pineapple cooked twice for a caramelized feel.Sorbillo told CNN that his creation was done to “combat food prejudice.” But some locals don’t resonate with that sentiment.“Italy is split in half about it. And not just Italy. There’s a load of arguments that have opened up about it. I think people in general are not curious. They are mistrustful of anything different,” the pizza maestro added. “Sadly people follow the crowd and condition themselves according to other people’s views, or what they hear.”However, others are eating it up. Barbara Politi, a food journalist who rushed straight to Naples to try it, was positive.“It’s good, fresh, I’m in favor of it,” she said. “Did you know that pineapple has been part of Europe’s food culture since Christopher Columbus tasted it in Guadeloupe in 1493 and brought it back?”

