Title: AI Girlfriend Makes $30K A Month
Details: Lexi Love, an AI virtual girlfriend, has gained significant attention online, quickly bringing in $30,000 a month. According to Forbes, the average American salary is $59,428.Lexi is the brainchild of the company Foxy AI, whose website hosts her chatbot. She receives up to 20 marriage proposals each month and can speak over 30 languages. Users are required to pay to see exclusive “naughty photos” of her and to receive customized texts and “voice messages.”Foxy AI CEO Sam Emara has remarked that “Lexi is breaking barriers and changing the way we interact with AI. With her growing popularity, Lexi has become a lucrative source of income, currently earning around $30,000 per month from her interactions on the website. This is a testament to her ability to deeply connect with people and provide them with a fulfilling human-like experience, despite being an AI.”According to the site, she’s a 21-year-old whose hobbies include “pole dancing, yoga, and beach volleyball,” and her turn-ons are “oral and public sex.” The company noted that it designed her to be the “perfect girlfriend for many men” with “flawless features and impeccable style.”

Title: Athens Turning Into ‘Mini Dubai’
Details: Athens is set for a £6.8 billion ($8.7 billion) seaside development within ten years, likened to a mini Dubai.The project includes luxury hotels, 8,000 upscale homes, malls, restaurants, a casino, and a marina for mega-yachts. It's anticipated to be Europe's largest real estate project, transforming over 1,500 acres on the site of the former Ellinikon International Airport which closed in 2001.Some residents oppose the development. Local Peppy Koliakakou told the Daily Mail: “All Greekness will be wiped out. This is a playground for the uber rich, which the average Greek will not be able to enjoy. I want my kids to be able to stroll out and enjoy the liberty and ease of a Greek neighborhood. There should have been other alternatives to developing the decrepit airport, not a complete sell out to foreign interests. I am worried that this will tarnish Athens and that it will turn the area into a tacky, mini Dubai.”Gin mill owner Yianna Massonos: “I don't think the average Greek will reap the full benefits of the project. Only high-flying multi-millionaires, sheiks, and emirs have bought up the stunning flats.”Others, like Athenian businessman Petros Tsitsiricos, see it as a positive step for Greece's economy, potentially creating 75,000 jobs and reviving the city's fortunes. He said: “For a bankrupt nation, like Greece, any development project, not least this mammoth undertaking, is positive. It can only boost demand and business altogether. And that can only spell a blessing for a financially devastated country like Greece.”

Title: Water Inc: Drinking Plastic Is Fine
Details: This week, scientists released new research that found bottled water is contaminated with up to 100 times more plastic than originally thought. Specifically, there are roughly 240,000 tiny plastic particles per liter. The bottled water industry is now saying no one should be afraid.The International Bottled Water Association wrote in a statement: “Media reports about these particles in drinking water do nothing more than unnecessarily scare consumers. There currently is both a lack of standardized methods and no scientific consensus on the potential health impacts of nano- and microplastic particles.”Many scientists, such as Columbia University’s Beizhan Yan, disagree. The tiny plastic particles “can cross into the blood, and then can cross the different barriers to get into the cells,” Yan said, which could cause them to “malfunction.”Sherri Mason, director of sustainability at Penn State Behrend, took it a step further: “The chemicals can be carried to your liver and your kidney and your brain and even make their way across the placental boundary and end up in an unborn child.”

Title: School Bans Mirrors To Stop TikToks
Details: A middle school in North Carolina has removed all mirrors from hallway bathrooms to deter students from using class time to create TikTok videos.The Alamance-Burlington School System implemented these changes after discovering students were frequently excusing themselves from class to make social media content in the bathrooms.Les Atkins, public relations officer of the school system: “Since removing the mirrors, we have seen a drastic decrease in bathroom visits from students asking to be excused just to make videos. We strive to limit distractions so students can focus on learning.”The school system has also started using a digital hall pass system, which will allow students to check in and out of class but will also allow the school to track students. Officials said that while these changes are “an adjustment,” they believe the implementations “will foster a better learning environment by minimizing disruptions.”

Title: Ye Performs With Travis Scott
Details: Ye made a surprise appearance at Travis Scott’s Orlando concert tonight, performing classic hits and the titular track “Vultures” from his upcoming album releasing February 9.The audience was blessed with “Runaway,” “All of the Lights,” “Can’t Tell Me Nothing,” and “Father Stretch My Hands.” Even more, Bump J and Ty Dolla $ign joined for “Vultures,” and Ye and Ty performed “Fade” together.

Title: Earth-Powered Fuel Can ‘Last Forever’
Details: Researchers have engineered an innovative new fuel cell, powered entirely by microbes in dirt, that could “potentially last forever.”This soil-based technology, compact in size, is ideal for powering sensors in precision agriculture and environmental monitoring, operating effectively in both wet and dry soil conditions. Unlike batteries that contain hazardous substances and contribute to electronic waste, this soil-based fuel cell harnesses energy sustainably and harmlessly.Bill Yen, engineer: “The number of devices… is constantly growing. If we imagine a future with trillions of these devices, we cannot build every one of them out of lithium, heavy metals, and toxins that are dangerous to the environment. We need to find alternatives that can provide low amounts of energy to power a decentralized network of devices. In a search for solutions, we looked to soil microbial fuel cells, which use special microbes to break down soil and use that low amount of energy to power sensors. As long as there is organic carbon in the soil for the microbes to break down, the fuel cell can potentially last forever.”He continued: “If you want to put a sensor out in the wild, in a farm, or in a wetland, you are constrained to putting a battery in it or harvesting solar energy. Solar panels don’t work well in dirty environments because they get covered with dirt, do not work when the sun isn’t out, and take up a lot of space. Batteries also are challenging because they run out of power. Farmers are not going to go around a 100-acre farm to regularly swap out batteries or dust off solar panels.”

Title: 99% Of U.S. Near Mexican Restaurant
Details: A new analysis reveals that Mexican restaurants are present in 85% of U.S. counties, with just 1% of the population living in a county that does not have at least one.Unsurprisingly, they’re most common in Texas and southern California, since both states are close to the southern border.In 2016, the founder of Latinos for Trump warned of “taco trucks on every corner.” Some say that prophecy has become true.

Title: Maximalist Design Fading In 2024
Details: Leading interior designers say 2024 interiors will be marked by a departure from maximalism and an emphasis on individualism, especially as a backlash against AI.Maximalism saw a surge in 2023, but it “now seems out of touch,” said interior designer Becky Carter. “Even the womb-like softness of the 1970s inspiration we've seen so much of is starting to feel heavy and overdone.”“There's a refreshing air to Halston-esque modernity: simple, unfussy materials, elegantly arranged, detailed, but without excess,” she added.Yohei Terui and Hiromu Yuyama from Japanese studio I IN echoed this sentiment: “Over the past couple of years, the theme has revolved around earthy color and simplicity through the use of natural materials.”They added that they “foresee a shift in direction, trending towards a more 'decorative' approach, in contrast to the previous style. We believe that this shift is driven by the prevailing desire of self-expression and individuality in today's culture.”Along the line of individualism, UK-based designer Tola Ojuolape emphasized the relationship interior design may have with AI this year: “Memorable and customized spaces that are not Pinterest- and AI-generated will be preferable, as the race against interior design and AI technology grows.”

Title: 48,000 Firms Had Data On Same Person
Details: To show the most optimal advertisements, Facebook acquires data on each user from an average of 2,230 companies, a new study found. One extreme example showed that “nearly 48,000 different companies were found in the data of a single volunteer.”The study used Facebook's Download Your Information tool, showing that 186,892 companies provided data on the study’s 709 volunteers. This data assists Meta's advertising platform in targeting ads.Notably, 96% of the participants' data archives contained information from a data broker called LiveRamp. Alongside data brokers, major retailers like The Home Depot, Walmart, and Amazon also contributed data.Even smaller entities, such as a car dealership in a small Texas town, were significantly represented in the data collection.

Title: Congressman: UFOs May Be Angels
Details: Republican Congressman Eric Burlison speculated on a podcast that UFOs might be “angels” or “extradimensional beings,” aligning with religious texts.Despite attending a classified briefing on UFOs, Burlison stated, “There’s nothing that’s been said that’s changed my worldview. I think the most likely explanation is that it’s manmade.”He went on to say: “I think it's more likely that it would be something extradimensional than it would be within this dimension. And then, so what I'll say is that when you start talking about things in that nature, that they're extradimensional, well, in a lot of different scriptures, including the Bible, and others, that's really the way that you describe messengers of God or, you know, angels.”Interestingly, Burlison may not be alone in thinking UFOs have a spiritual connection. The Daily Star claimed last year that commanders in the Pentagon halted UFO research “over fears aliens were demons,” citing lead UFO researcher Ron James. James said there’s “a very large contingent of people” in the U.S. government who align with Christian fundamentalism and actively oppose any research into extraterrestrial life.

