Title: Widespread Plastics Found In Food
Details: A new report that tested 85 foods found that all but one contained phthalates, a chemical used to make plastic more durable, and 79% had BPA, another chemical found in plastic.Consumer Reports observed the highest phthalate levels were in Annie's Organic Cheesy Ravioli, with other significant amounts in various products from Del Monte, Chicken of the Sea, and fast-food chains like Wendy's and McDonald's. For instance, Wendy's Crispy Chicken Nuggets contained four times as many phthalates as McDonald's Chicken McNuggets.“That tells us that, as widespread as these chemicals are, there are ways to reduce how much is in our foods,” said James Rogers, who oversees Consumer Reports' product safety testing.No tested levels exceeded current U.S. and European regulatory limits. However, there's no universally acknowledged safe level for phthalates, raising concerns about the potential health risks.Companies like Gerber and McDonald's claim to follow regulatory requirements and conduct rigorous testing, while others, like Del Monte, note that phthalates are widespread in the environment.

Title: Trump Responds To Epstein Files
Details: A spokesperson for Trump has responded after the former president was named in documents related to Jeffrey Epstein that were unsealed last night, saying any claims about Trump’s relationship with Epstein have been “thoroughly debunked.”The documents contain a deposition from an Epstein accuser who claims she traveled from Florida to Atlantic City with Epstein and went to one of the Trump's casinos. When the accuser was asked if she ever massaged Trump, she responded twice that she never had. It’s important to emphasize that individuals named in the documents are not necessarily accused of wrongdoing, and Trump has not been linked to any offenses committed by Epstein.Trump flew on Epstein's jet four times in 1993, as well as once in 1994, 1995, and 1997. Documents released in 2019 involving an Epstein witness suggest Trump had never visited Epstein’s island or homes.In 2018, an attorney who represented a number of Epstein accusers said Trump was the only high-profile figure who sounded the alarm on Epstein before he was charged.Bradley Edwards, attorney: “The only thing I can say about President Trump is that he is the only person who in 2009, when I served a lot of subpoenas on a lot of people, or at least gave notice to some pretty connected people that I wanted to talk to them, he is the only person who picked up the phone and said, ‘Lets just talk, I'll give you as much time as you want, I'll tell you what you need to know.’”

Title: Man Sues Over $20K Fake Jordans
Details: An Australian real estate agent went to court after being tricked into buying 30,000 Australian dollars ($20,000) worth of fake Air Jordan 1 sneakers from a teenager, including the coveted Dior collaboration.The buyer spotted defects shortly after the purchase and had the shoes authenticated at a local Melbourne store, where they were confirmed as fakes, including “Bred,” “Chicago,” and “Royal” colorways of the Air Jordan 1.One staff member at the local store said the seller “was a fraudster and a scam artist who had been blacklisted.”The seller's father offered $6,773 AUD in compensation, but the buyer escalated the matter to the Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal, seeking full reimbursement. The tribunal dismissed the case because the seller was underage at the time of the transaction, and under Victorian state law, is not liable to offer any compensation.VCAT member Katherine Metcalf: “Had the agreement been entered into when [the seller] was 18 years old, the result might have been different.”

Title: Biden Faces Staff Revolt Over Israel
Details: Biden’s unwavering support of Israel has led to internal disagreement and criticism, with a senior education official resigning.Policy advisor Tariq Habash wrote in his resignation letter: “I cannot stay silent as this administration turns a blind eye to the atrocities committed against innocent Palestinian lives, in what leading human rights experts have called a genocidal campaign by the Israeli government.”A group of 17 Biden campaign staffers published an anonymous letter criticizing his approach to the conflict, demanding a ceasefire and steps to address “apartheid, occupation, and ethnic cleansing.” Biden has yet to call for a ceasefire as over 20,000 Palestinians have been killed since Israel began its military actions in Gaza.“As your staff, we believe it is both a moral and electoral imperative for you to publicly call for a cessation of violence,” the staffers wrote. “Complicity in the death of over 20,000 Palestinians, 8,200 of whom are children, simply cannot be justified.”

Title: NYC Mayor Roasts Los Angeles
Details: NYC Mayor Eric Adams claimed New York is doing much better than Los Angeles' Skid Row in terms of homelessness and crime, holding up an unflattering photo of LA as evidence during a press conference.“You don’t see this in New York,” Adams said, holding up a picture of LA’s crowded streets, “Not while I'm mayor. It's not going to happen.”Adams made the statement while discussing year-end crime statistics, which show a 0.032% decrease from the previous year, despite rising motor vehicle theft and assault rates. The mayor has warned NYC’s migration crisis could lead to more street homelessness and credits his administration's efforts, including a homeless encampment task force.Critics and observers note that NYC still faces significant challenges with homelessness and crime, with the situation exacerbated by the pandemic and an influx of migrants.

Title: CEO May Have Never Existed
Details: A CEO of a cryptocurrency hedge fund has been accused of being a “fake person” after the company's collapse led to $1.3 billion in customer losses.Steven Reece Lewis, the alleged CEO of HyperVerse, could not have his existence verified by The Guardian. No records at the universities Lewis seemingly attended or at former employers like Goldman Sachs and Adobe were found.Notably, celebrities like Chuck Norris and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak endorsed Lewis in 2022 as CEO. They remain silent on the new accusations and some believe they might have been hired through the video-for-hire platform Cameo and had been “innocently misled.”In 2022, Andrew Penman, a writer for the British paper The Mirror, suggested: “I suspect that he’s a figment of someone’s imagination, created to give a false sense of security to this sham. I can find no record of such a person other than a Twitter account started last year, and HyperVerse has refused to answer my questions about him or even give me an email address so that I can put questions to him directly.”

Title: Hermès Sells $125 Envelope
Details: Luxury brand Hermès is now selling a single paper envelope for about $125. The signature A5 orange envelope measures 8.26 inches by 5.82 inches, is wrapped in silk, reusable, and made in France. It's marketed as a special keepsake for invitations or declarations of love.Even better, the Barenia calfskin version retails for $5,150, and the collection also features a $405 mouse pad and a $780 mail tray to hold the envelopes. Hermès has a $2,950 paperweight as well.“This keepsake can be sent as a special invitation or even a declaration of love. A long-lasting way to turn your records into beautiful memories,” reads the description on the Hermès UK site.“I took out a second mortgage for the mushroom paper weight,” a social media user joked.

Title: Medical Devices Could Be Hacked
Details: Officials are increasingly concerned about cybersecurity vulnerabilities in medical devices like MRIs and pacemakers due to outdated software and potential hacker targeting.A U.S. government watchdog urged the agencies to improve coordination on medical device cybersecurity, emphasizing the risks these vulnerabilities pose to both hospital networks and patients. The threats could become more pronounced as health systems enhance security against attempts to seize health records. High-value devices like MRIs are particularly at risk.Existing medical devices on the market lack mandatory cybersecurity measures, and many incorporate vulnerable off-the-shelf software. Hospitals have reported incidents like unauthorized access from remote locations, with manufacturers sometimes unable to provide fixes.Toby Gouker, an executive at First Health Advisory: “It's a real Achilles' heel and a blind spot for health systems."

Title: Architecture Is Rejecting Globalism
Details: Leading architects predict in 2024 a shift toward localism because of COVID and global wars.“The honeymoon period of globalization is over,” said MVRDV Asia studio director Wenchian Shi. “Each country and each continent is looking more inward and trying to be more defensive.”OMA's managing partner David Gianotten agreed, suggesting that "the era of abundance seems to be coming to an end.” “We are facing a shortage of resources,” he added, pointing to global unrest as producing “a sense of insecurity among many of us.” This will lead to "new design approaches" that prioritize local communities, he said.

Title: Tiny Drones Eliminate Cancer Cells
Details: Researchers in South Korea have developed cutting-edge “nanodrones” to combat cancer by targeting and destroying cancer cells.The tiny drones work by using ligands attached to their surface to target specific cells connected to cancer. In lab tests, the drones activated human NK cells to attack cancer, significantly slowing tumor growth in mice without noticeable side effects.Sebyung Kang, researcher: “This research presents new possibilities for immune treatment through NK cell delivery nanodrones, overcoming challenges such as the movement and survival of NK cells. We aim to provide new opportunities for customized treatments that selectively address various types of cancer through further research, including cancer-specific immune cell induction.”

