Title: Truck Companies Ditch Human Driver
Details: Three startup firms are preparing to launch driverless trucks on Texas highways, aiming to operate without safety drivers.They’ve been conducting tests for years, and their vehicles are equipped with advanced sensors like cameras, radar, and lidar to navigate roads safely. The companies aren’t new to the scene, either: they’ve already transported goods for major corporations such as Walmart, Kroger, FedEx, and Tyson Foods.For now, it’s mostly southern states, from Arizona to Florida, that allow self-driving trucks.Critics argue the push for driverless trucks is driven more by financial incentives than safety, suggesting the tech might be hitting the roads too soon.“At the end of the year, we anticipate getting to the point where we begin operating those trucks without drivers on board,” Chris Urmson, co-founder and chief executive officer of Pittsburgh-based Aurora, said in an interview.“We are concerned about the lack of regulation, the lack of transparency, the lack of comprehensive data collection,” said Cathy Chase, president of Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety“They can’t just say we’re better than humans,” said Brian Ossenbeck, a transportation industry analyst with JPMorgan Chase. “They have to reach that superhuman level, at least initially, until there’s broader acceptance. And who knows how long that would take.”

Title: 60 Police Cars Swarm Miami Mall
Details: An enormous police presence was spotted at a Miami mall on Monday, and many on social media aren’t buying the official reason given.According to authorities, over 60 police cars raced to the Bayside Marketplace in downtown Miami because a group of teenagers were fighting and throwing fireworks. Four teens were arrested, accused of “causing a riot and panic inside the mall.”Users online questioned why such a large police presence was needed for a group of teens. Some speculated the real reason was much more sinister: aliens.One post on X that has received 7.7 million views writes that authorities weren’t telling “the truth about why Miami had possibly the biggest police response I've ever seen in my life.”In another post, a user writes: “I zoomed in on one of the TikTok videos about the Miami mall creature, so you can see the gray creature walking in between these police cars and the building.”A man who claimed to be at the mall during the incident posted a video on TikTok, emphasizing that even “fat chicks” and “old people” were running. He says that as he was running, he looked back and saw a “big ass shadow” that was “solid at the same time” and “disappearing and reappearing.” Police fired shots at the entity, the man claims.Skeptics ask why no one at the mall seemed to record this extraordinary event. Regardless, 60 police cars for a group of teens suggest Miami needs better cops, at the very least.

Title: 40% Say Jan 6 ‘Had A Point’
Details: Nearly four in ten Americans believe the rioters at the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021, “had a point,” according to a new poll by USA TODAY/Suffolk University.When the poll first asked the question two weeks after the riots, just 24% said the rioters “went too far, but they had a point.” Now, almost three years later, that number has risen to 37%.Fewer Americans now see the rioters as deserving of criminal treatment. In 2021, 70% called the rioters “criminals.” That number has now dropped to 48%. Additionally, 32% say January 6-related convictions and sentencings should be overturned.

Title: Ecstasy-For-Medicine Raises $100M
Details: A nonprofit leader in the pharmaceutical psychedelics industry has raised more than $100 million in a private stock sale, providing needed funding for trials involving Ecstasy treating PTSD.This surge in funding for the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS) points to a growing interest and investment in the potential therapeutic uses of psychedelics. Within the industry, hopes are high that psychedelics could help millions of patients, but first developers must clear the expensive regulatory approval process. That is forcing many startups to sell stock at a time when biopharmaceutical valuations are low.Some psychedelic drugs have surged in popularity in recent years. For instance, the consumption of “magic” mushrooms among young adults has nearly doubled over the past three years. Overall, 8% of young adults used some kind of hallucinogen in 2021, the highest share recorded since at least the 1980s.

Title: Young People Turn To AI Therapy
Details: An AI chatbot designed for therapy has surged in popularity, sharing 78 million messages with users since it was created a year ago.Character.ai's “Psychologist” bot was created by New Zealander Sam Zaia, a psychology student. It’s been described as “someone who helps with life difficulties.” The bot has various AI personas for entertainment and support, with a significant young adult user base aged 16 to 30.Zaia: “I never intended for it to become popular, never intended it for other people to seek or to use as like a tool. Then I started getting a lot of messages from people saying that they had been really positively affected by it and were utilizing it as a source of comfort. So many people who've messaged me say they access it when their thoughts get hard, like at 2AM when they can't really talk to any friends or a real therapist. Talking by text is potentially less daunting than picking up the phone or having a face-to-face conversation.”Despite skepticism from professionals, the platform continues to grow, boasting 20 million registered users.Theresa Plewman, professional psychotherapist: “The bot has a lot to say and quickly makes assumptions, like giving me advice about depression when I said I was feeling sad. That's not how a human would respond.”A spokeswoman for Character.ai emphasized that “users should consult certified professionals in the field for legitimate advice and guidance.”On social media, users have shared their positive experiences with the bot. One person said that “it’s a lifesaver,” while another shared that “it’s helped both me and my boyfriend talk about and figure out our emotions.”

Title: Iceland Taps Into Volcano For Energy
Details: Iceland is planning on carrying out the world’s first tunnel into a volcano’s magma chamber to harness geothermal energy that could be virtually unlimited.In 2026, the country will drill into the Krafla volcanic area, which is one of the world’s most active. The project promises to power homes across Iceland, utilizing the intense heat from magma to produce significantly more power than traditional geothermal systems.Iceland also hopes to advance scientific understanding by allowing direct observation and sampling of magma, which could revolutionize volcanic monitoring and eruption prediction.“A single magma geothermal plant could generate at least ten times more power than a conventional geothermal plant,” said a representative working on the project.

Title: Kim Jong Un’s Heir Is Daughter
Details: South Korea's intelligence agency has indicated that Kim Jong Un's young daughter could become North Korea's future leader.Kim Ju Ae, about ten years old, has been increasingly attending public events with her father, including military parades and official visits.Cheong Seong-Chang, analyst: “By accompanying her father on major events, it’s like she’s learning kingship and building a human network at a tender age.”Another analyst noted that while South Korea is making this prediction, few can say with certainty whether the daughter would eventually become the North’s next leader. The analyst emphasized that Kim Ju Ae lacks political achievements that he said are essential to be formally anointed as the country’s future leader.Since its foundation in 1948, North Korea has been successively ruled by male members of the Kim family. A woman in power would be a landmark moment for the country.

Title: COD Pro Banned For Thirst Traps
Details: Professional gamer Nadia Amine claims she's been banned from “Call of Duty” tournaments for posting bikini pictures on her social media.Amine, who claims to be one of the best “Call of Duty” players in the world, believes she is unfairly targeted for being a woman.She posted on X: “Completely black listed from playing call of duty tournaments all for posting bikini pictures, never posted nudity one in my life. but again, the guys in the cod community can post their bare ass on social media. ggs.”One user responded: “I think this only applies to people who cheat like yourself. Genuinely good female players are very easy to spot and never bitch about this nonsense.”Another wrote: “I know so many females that are so much better than me at video games. It has nothing to do with the fact that you’re a girl. You’re just a cheater that wants to keep using the ‘I’m a female’ excuse to deflect the problem.”Amine has faced cheating allegations for years, which she vehemently denies.

Title: Scientists Verify Event In Bible
Details: Scientists from four Israeli universities have used a new magnetic field measurement technique to verify an event in the Bible's Book of Kings—the conquest of the Philistine city of Gath by Hazael, King of Aram.The method detects the magnetic signals in burnt mud bricks, offering precise data on their firing temperatures and verifying the intensity of ancient fires This breakthrough provides conclusive evidence supporting the biblical account of Gath's destruction and offers insights into construction practices in the region during that era.The research also challenged previous assumptions about brick-firing technology's arrival in the Land of Israel, suggesting earlier usage than previously thought.Archaeologists: “Our findings are important for determining the intensity of the fire and the scope of destruction in Gath—the largest and most powerful city in the land at the time—and also for understanding construction practices in the region.”

Title: Voice-Controlled Toilet Unveiled
Details: Leading toilet manufacturer Kohler has introduced a $2,149 voice-controlled bidet seat.The PureWash E930 is compatible with Amazon Alexa and Google Home, turning ordinary toilets into smart ones. It features adjustable water temperature and pressure, various spray modes, a heated seat, and continuously heated water for “consistent comfort.”Kohler also unveiled the $266 Atmo smart bathroom fan with automatic humidity, temperature detection, and customizable lighting, and the $2,800 Anthem Plus shower controller for a personalized shower with voice control.

