Title: Thousands More Facing Jail For Jan 6
Details: On the third anniversary of the U.S. Capitol riot on January 6, 2021, the DOJ emphasized that its probe will now extend beyond those who entered the Capitol, targeting Americans who were near the area but never entered the building.During a press briefing, DC U.S. Attorney Matthew Graves said: “We have used our prosecutorial discretion to primarily focus on those who entered the building or those who engaged in violent or corrupt conduct on Capitol grounds. But, if a person knowingly entered the restricted area without authorization, they had already committed a federal crime. Make no mistake, thousands of people occupied an area that they were not authorized to be present in the first place.”As of the end of 2023, January 6 defendants have received a combined 847 years in prison. The most common charges have included entering or remaining in a restricted federal building or grounds, obstructing an official proceeding, assaulting or impeding police officers, and destruction or theft of government property.

Title: Architect Designs Space Elevator
Details: A British architect has proposed an award-winning space elevator design that would connect a ship in the ocean to a spaceport in Eath’s orbit, revolutionizing space access.Jordan William Hughes won an $11,000 innovation prize for his design, “Ascensio.” The concept, inspired by visionaries in the 19th and 20th centuries, would involve a cable-like structure connecting a ship to a structure in outer space, bypassing the need for costly and heavy rockets.While still a work of science fiction, experts believe a space elevator isn't as far-fetched and could eventually make space travel efficient. Stephen Cohen, a professor of physics at Vanier College in Montreal, says he expects one will exist “perhaps in two or three decades.”Jordan William Hughes, the designer: “It would revolutionize the way we get to and from space and make it more viable. It's a bit fanciful today, but I'm sure it will happen because this is the only way space travel and space exploration actually works and becomes efficient.”Hughes admitted that he doesn't expect anything like it to be “built in the next ten years. But I am pretty much certain that at some point this will be built. Not my project, but a space elevator.”

Title: U.S. Grounds 170 Planes Over Safety
Details: The Federal Aviation Administration has ordered a temporary grounding of 171 Boeing planes after a piece of the plane blew out in the middle of an Alaska Airlines flight yesterday.Despite the chaos, there were no injuries out of all 171 passengers and six crew members while they were 16,000 feet in the air. Passengers reported hearing a “really loud boom” before a “deathly” silence fell over the cabin. Authorities are now investigating the incident.The FAA’s rare emergency directive will affect planes worldwide and applies to U.S. airlines and carriers operating in U.S. territory.

Title: Biden Unaware Top Official Was Gone
Details: Pentagon Chief Lloyd Austin was hospitalized on January 1 due to complications from elective surgery. The situation was kept under wraps, with even Biden uninformed for days, sources tell CNN.Austin was admitted on New Year’s Day, and National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan informed Biden late Thursday, almost four days after the event. Sullivan had only learned about the hospitalization that day as well.The incident has led to concerns over transparency and competence within the Biden administration, as senior officials expressed shock over the delayed communication. Austin's role is crucial, requiring readiness for national security crises, including potential nuclear threats.Lloyd Austin, secretary of defense: “I recognize I could have done a better job ensuring the public was appropriately informed. I commit to doing better. But this is important to say: this was my medical procedure, and I take full responsibility for my decisions about disclosure.”

Title: Lululemon Distances From Founder
Details: Lululemon has distanced itself from founder Chip Wilson after he criticized the brand’s diversity and inclusion efforts.Wilson said in an interview with Forbes last week that Lululemon is “trying to become like the Gap, everything to everybody. And I think the definition of a brand is that you’re not everything to everybody… You’ve got to be clear that you don’t want certain customers coming in.”In response, a spokesperson for the company said: “Chip Wilson does not speak for Lululemon, and his comments do not reflect our company views or beliefs. Chip has not been involved with the company since his resignation from the board in 2015 and we are a very different company today.”In November 2020, the company formed a new department named the Inclusion Diversity, Equity, and Action department. However, allegations of tokenism and bias in hiring practices continue.Wilson, worth $8.7 billion, resigned as Lululemon’s chairman in 2013 and left the company entirely in 2015.

Title: Disney Sues Car Wash In Chile
Details: Disney has filed a lawsuit against a “Star Wars” themed car wash in Santiago, Chile, alleging copyright infringement.The car wash, named Star Wash, uses the franchise's font and themed decor and has gained over 26,000 followers on Instagram. Employees dress up as characters from the franchise like Chewbacca wiping down windshields, Boba Fett and Cassian Andor wielding hoses, and Darth Vader appearing to use the force to summon washcloths.Owner Matias Jara tried to register Star Wash with the Chilean patent authority, but Lucasfilm objected due to potential customer confusion.Despite the lawsuit, Jara is fighting back, claiming the names are different enough and his service does not infringe on Lucasfilm's rights.Jara: “They say our name ‘Star Wash’ leads to confusion as someone can come with the intention to buy a movie, a helmet or a figure they sell. This is not the case. We have a car wash named ‘Star Wash’ as it’s a stellar wash. We don’t make movies or sell their products or anything like that.”Jara is now trying to ramp up support for his business, posting a video of Darth Vader visiting the car wash with the caption: “In a galaxy plagued with conflicts, a legal battle of epic proportions emerges. At the epicenter of this war, ‘Star Wash,’ a modest family business, is caught in a confrontation with the imposing Lucasfilm Empire. We will stand strong, the force is with us.”One X user wrote: “Praying for Star Wash to win that shit.”

Title: Kenyan Innovates Low-Cost Housing
Details: A Kenyan engineer has innovated housing in her country by turning plastic waste into durable bricks, creating over 100 jobs in the process.Nzambi Matee has started a company that combines plastic trash with sand, producing bricks stronger than concrete for construction purposes. The plastic-based building material has also been used to construct sidewalks, driveways, and roads, employing garbage collectors, women, and youth organizations.Matee: “In Nairobi we generate about 500 metric tons of plastic waste every single day, and only a fraction of that is recycled. Essentially, companies have to pay to dispose of the waste. So we solved their problem.”Matee's efforts have been recognized by the United Nations Environment Programme, naming her a 2020 Young Champion of the Earth.

Title: Putin Eases Citizenship Process
Details: Foreigners who enlist in the Russian army can now become Russian citizens quicker, Putin ordered in a decree.The move comes as Moscow is trying to replenish troops in Ukraine by various methods, including the recruitment of migrants. The new decree says citizenship decisions shouldn’t take more than a month, cutting the duration down from three months.Last month, Putin said that 486,000 new soldiers had signed contracts with the military in 2023. He didn’t say how many of them were foreign nationals.In their end-of-the-year address, both Putin and Zelensky asserted their nation would be victorious in the conflict that officially started almost two years ago.

Title: Trump Questions U.S. Civil War
Details: During a rally tonight in Iowa, Trump suggested that the U.S. Civil War could have been avoided through negotiation.Trump: “So many mistakes were made. See, there was something I think could have been negotiated, to be honest with you. I think you could have negotiated that. All the people died. So many people died.”His comments come as the Civil War has become an unexpected talking point in the GOP primary trail after Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley said slavery was not the cause.Republican Liz Cheney, a former U.S. representative, slammed Trump’s comments: “Which part of the Civil War ‘could have been negotiated’? The slavery part? The secession part? Whether Lincoln should have preserved the Union? Question for members of the GOP—the party of Lincoln—who have endorsed Donald Trump: How can you possibly defend this?”

Title: Dog Eats $4,000, Owners Recoup
Details: As soon as one Goldendoodle heard about his owners’ plan to build a home fence, he ate all $4,000 in funding.The money was pulled from savings and left in an envelope, which Cecil shredded and consumed. After consulting with a vet who reassured the owner couple that the cash could be recovered, the couple began the task of retrieving and washing the remnants.About $3,550 of the total was recovered by scooping through Cecil’s poop and piecing together the bills. A bank said it would take the bills back that had been taped together with the full serial numbers visible on the front and back.Owners: “We couldn’t be mad at him—he’s a very lovable dog. People often tell us there’s a human trapped inside our dog.”

