Title: Miami Police Deny Aliens
Details: Police in Miami are denying viral theories claiming aliens as tall as ten feet caused a 60-police car response at a mall on New Year’s Day.According to authorities, the presence was needed because a group of teenagers were fighting and throwing fireworks. Four teens were arrested, accused of “causing a riot and panic inside the mall.”Users online questioned why such a large force was needed for a group of teens, believing officials were lying and the real reason was aliens. Posts making these claims have racked up tens of millions of views on X and TikTok.The Miami Police Department issued a statement yesterday addressing these claims: “There were no aliens, UFOs, or ETs. No airports were closed. No power outages. Nothing is being withheld from the public.”Not everyone is convinced of the explanation, with some social media users continuing the theories.

Title: Obama Is Getting Worried About Trump
Details: Former President Obama has told Biden to bolster his 2024 campaign amid worries about Trump’s return to power, three people familiar with the conversations told The Washington Post.According to the sources, Obama grew “animated” in discussing the 2024 election during a private lunch at the White House. He expressed concerns about the structure of Biden’s campaign, advocating for a more empowered and agile team, and suggested the team needed more senior strategists. Obama also advised Biden to consult campaign aides who worked on his victorious election in 2012.These concerns stemmed from Trump’s loyal following and Biden’s plummeting numbers, The Post writes.Obama has assisted in fundraising efforts, raising $4 million for Biden's campaign in small-dollar donations, including $2.6 million through a “Meet the Presidents” contest where donors have the chance to meet Obama and Biden.

Title: Prince Andrew Losing Security Funding
Details: Prince Andrew may be “forced out” of the Royal Lodge and lose his private security funding due to his alleged ties to Jeffrey Epstein, sources tell The Daily Mail.The Duke of York has lived in the 31-room mansion since 2004, but new revelations thanks to unsealed documents this week have prompted King Charles to potentially reevaluate Andrew's living arrangements and financial support.Despite the accusations and the loss of royal and military honors, King Charles is not expected to completely abandon his brother. Rather, he’s looking to move him into a smaller residence.The documents include allegations of inappropriate behavior by Prince Andrew, which he has denied. One Epstein accuser said in a 2016 deposition that Andrew put his hand on her breast as she sat on his lap at the financier’s Manhattan townhouse in 2001.

Title: Women Risk Vision For Blue Eyes
Details: Women are raving online about a surgery that changes the color of their iris, a procedure that includes the risk of going blind.The surgery works by using a laser to insert pigment in the cornea. Experts warn of severe risks including vision loss, blindness, glaucoma, and uveitis. The surgery also isn't approved for cosmetic use by the Food and Drug Administration.Despite the risk, the procedure has gone viral on TikTok. Just last week, a French company that performs the procedure shared footage of one patient who changed her brown eyes to a vibrant blue in a clip scoring 16 million views on TikTok.Most users were skeptical. “Why would anyone want blues eyes,” questioned one person. “I have blue eyes and I can’t even see when the sun is out! My kids all have brown eyes and they be seeing everything.”One model, Nadinne Bruna, even traveled to Colombia to receive a similar treatment. She ended up losing 80% of her vision in her right eye and 50% in her left.“Before this surgery, my eyes were completely healthy. They were in really good condition. I was so naïve,” she said in 2018.

Title: Plane Window Blows Out Mid-Flight
Details: An Alaska Airlines flight experienced a window blowout at 16,000 feet in the air, leading to belongings being sucked out into the sky.Despite the chaos, there were no injuries out of all 171 passengers and six crew members. Passengers reported hearing a “really loud boom” before a “deathly” silence fell over the cabin. Several passengers told local media that oxygen masks were deployed immediately.The aircraft had only been in service since November 2023 and had a section of fuselage where a deactivated door was blown out. Boeing, Alaska Airlines, and the National Transportation Safety Board have initiated investigations to understand the cause of the incident.Alaska Airlines said in a statement late Friday night: “The aircraft landed safely back at Portland International Airport with 171 guests and 6 crew members. The safety of our guests and employees is always our primary priority, so while this type of occurrence is rare, our flight crew was trained and prepared to safely manage the situation. We are investigating what happened and will share more information as it becomes available.”

Title: Poll: Americans Trust Congress Least
Details: A new analysis finds that among institutions in the U.S., Americans trust small businesses the most and Congress the least.Here’s the breakdown:Small business: 65%Military: 60%Police: 43%Medical system: 34%Church or organized religion: 32%Supreme Court: 27%Banks: 26%Public schools: 26%Presidency: 26%Large tech companies: 26%Organized labor: 25%Newspapers: 18%Criminal justice system: 17%TV news: 14%Big business: 14%Congress: 8%Significant fluctuations over the past 50 years show 2023 hitting record-low trust levels in the police, public schools, large tech companies, and big business.In 2022, public confidence declined in 11 out of the 16 institutions tracked, with the Supreme Court and the presidency seeing significant drops, only slightly improving in 2023.

Title: Gen Z Is Rejecting Alcohol
Details: Young Americans who want a buzz but not a hangover are fueling a nonalcoholic spirits boom, with companies starting to develop drinks that promise to deliver the feeling of alcohol without the negative side effects.In a Gallup survey from August, 62% of American adults under age 35 said they drink, down from 72% a decade ago. Beer sales have also hit the lowest levels in 24 years, with teens in 2022 drinking less or being sober more often throughout their high school years than teens from 1999 to 2001. Among 18- to 26-year-olds in the U.S. and Japan, more than half claimed not to have consumed alcohol in the previous six months.Companies have responded to this trend. Gaba Labs in London is developing Sentia, a plant-based, alcohol-free spirit promising to deliver “that two-drink feeling” without the feeling of a hangover. The drink only contains nine calories per serving, plus vitamins.“The rapid change is driven by a generation that actually questions everything,” says David Orren, CEO of Gaba Labs. “They read everything, they check everything, and they want to know what everything contains.”

Title: Altman: Muslims In Tech Must Speak Up
Details: OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says that Muslims in the tech world, especially Palestinians, are uncomfortable expressing their views because of fears of losing career prospects.He wrote on X: “Muslim and Arab (especially Palestinian) colleagues in the tech community I've spoken with feel uncomfortable speaking about their recent experiences, often out of fear of retaliation and damaged career prospects.”“Our industry should be united in our support of these colleagues; it is an atrocious time,” he added. “I continue to hope for a real and lasting peace, and that in the meantime we can treat each other with empathy.”Users were quick to point out that the head of research platform at OpenAI, Tal Broda, has publicly supported Israel's bombing of Gaza on his X account. One user attached screenshots of Broda’s posts, asking Altman: “Has this guy been fired yet?”

Title: Man Gets Job Back Because He’s Funny
Details: A 34-year-old reporter at a radio station was fired for his standup comedy but reinstated after an arbitrator found his jokes “funny.”Officials at the Philadelphia station argued that Jad Sleiman’s standup comedy violated the company’s code of conduct, social media guidelines, and values of social responsibility, finding his routine to be “inflammatory.” They submitted nine videos from social media as their evidence, arguing the clips were “egregious” in content, and had “sexual connotations, racial connotations, and misogynistic information.”The arbitrator determined that while some of his comedy could be seen as “inflammatory,” the content was sometimes “simply funny” and not grounds for termination.Sleiman's stand-up drew from his experiences as an Arab American, a U.S. Marine Corps veteran, and a reporter in the Middle East. He first turned to comedy in 2021, after he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, a chronic illness that affects the central nervous system.“These execs, they have no right to take that from me,” he said. “So I’m going to fight. I want both. I’m going to be a reporter and a comic, and I think there’s nothing wrong with that.”

Title: Elderly Woman Survives Week In Rubble
Details: A woman in her 90s was miraculously rescued alive from the rubble of her home in Japan, 124 hours after a 7.6 magnitude earthquake hit the region.The quake tragically took the lives of at least 126 individuals, including a five-year-old boy, and caused extensive damage with buildings toppled and landslides set off across western Japan.Rescue efforts continue as more than 200 people remain unaccounted for. At least 27 people are seriously injured among over 500 hurt.Amid the devastation, international support has flown in, including a rare condolence message from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

