Title: World’s Fifth Industrial Revolution
Details: Researchers say humanity has entered the Fifth Industrial Revolution, which will see a new and deep collaboration between humans and AI across the economy.The era is a major leap from the First Industrial Revolution, which scholars typically define as beginning around the mid-18th century when the steam engine started to achieve widespread commercial use.“The integration of sensory capabilities into AI models is not merely a technological leap,” said John Nosta, who taught at futurist Ray Kurzweil's Singularity University. “It represents a shift in our philosophical understanding of artificial and human intelligence.”He has also referred to the new era as “the Cognitive Age,” which will radically change how humans live, work, and think about themselves. “As we navigate this cognitive revolution, the opportunity at hand is to become the architects of a future where technology and humanity are not just coexistent but coevolutionary.”Louise McEntee, the head of intelligent automation at Deloitte, echoed Nosta’s sentiment: “This fifth wave of technological development has enormous potential to truly put people at the center of its design. We need to understand these new capabilities, how best to center them around people and their needs, and to address their concerns to design and legislate for 'bad actors,' as with any new technology.”“Each significant technological shift, the age of the steam engine, the age of science and mass production, and the rise of digital technology, has meant radical changes to how we work,” she emphasized.

Title: California Proposes New Prison Model
Details: Valley State Prison, known as “Prisneyland,” is a pilot program aiming to redefine incarceration in the U.S., striving to be one of the nation's most progressive prisons.Despite the external appearance with fences and gun towers, the facility's internal focus is on normalization and rehabilitation instead of punishment.The prison's approach includes personal keys for inmates, a peaceful central courtyard, and a variety of programs teaching coping and calming skills.It is inspired by Scandinavian models successful at reducing reoffending rates and better reintegrating people into society after their release, with Norway reducing recidivism to 20%.Official, Valley State Prison: “We want to make the environment inside our institutions as normal as possible with the goal of not releasing somebody who's institutionalized, but releasing citizens back to the community who have practiced normal prosocial behavior. We are not in the punishment business. We're in the rehabilitative business.”

Title: U.S. Removing Colony Founder Statue
Details: The National Park Service plans to remove William Penn's statue from a Philadelphia park as part of a “rehabilitation” project.The move aims to expand the interpretation of Native American history in the area, in consultation with indigenous groups.William Penn was a 17th-century English Quaker and the founder of the Province of Pennsylvania. He was accused of unethical land acquisitions from Native Americans.The park, marking Penn's original home, will retain much of its design, but the statue and model of Penn's home will be removed.

Title: Poll: Americans See Border As Crisis
Details: Americans' concerns about the U.S.-Mexico border are at an all-time high, with many calling for tougher actions from the Biden administration.The sentiment shift is now being driven by Democrats and independents, a turn from their previous perspective on border issues.Nationwide disapproval is growing for transporting migrants to northern cities, with regional differences in opinion among Republicans.Despite the overwhelming belief that asylum-seekers should have hearings, the majority prefer they don't remain in the U.S.Democrats often cite worsening conditions in migrants' home countries while Republicans often blame policy changes and border security.

Title: Google Paying For Data On Children
Details: Google has launched a new project to collect facial recognition data from children, offering $50 for participation.Google claims the data is going to be used to age-verify users online. This method could potentially be used to keep children off of adult sites or not give them targeted ads.The project focuses on gathering specifics like eyelid shape and skin tone. Participating parents are required to film their children with props to improve AI and facial recognition technologies.The filming is supposed to be done privately and takes 30 to 45 minutes.Minors aged between 13 and 17 are eligible to participate, with parental consent.Concerns arise after it was revealed more than 3,200 images of child sexual abuse were being used for training in AI databases.

Title: U.S. Alarmed Over Israel-Lebanon War
Details: Biden has dispatched his top aides to the Middle East in an effort to avert a full-scale war between Israel and Hezbollah as tensions along the border increase.Israeli Defense Minister Yoav Gallant, on Friday: “We prefer the path of an agreed-upon diplomatic settlement, but we are getting close to the point where the hourglass will turn over.”Yesterday U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken urged Middle Eastern nations to use their influence to help prevent “an endless cycle of violence.”A Defense Intelligence Agency assessment suggests the Israeli military might be overstretched if it escalates in Lebanon.U.S. and French officials are reportedly in discussions with the Lebanese government over a proposal that would have the Lebanese government take control of part of the Lebanon-Israel border, rather than Hezbollah, to help assuage Israeli concerns.

Title: Pharrell Launches First LV Collection
Details: Pharrell Williams' first Louis Vuitton menswear collection launched, featuring items from beanies to a branded bowling ball.The collection is being celebrated with global pop-ups designed to mirror Paris' Pont Neuf bridge, featuring the signature ‘Damoflage’ print.Noteworthy items include a Dandy Bucket Hat, Leather Shopping & Sandwich Bags, and a Palace Slipper, similar to Pharrell's own style.The luxury line also features a leather rugby shirt and shorts set, shearling footprint boots, and pearl-embellished track jackets.High-end accessories like a $1,200 LV cup and straw, and a $31,000 Mink Damier Intarsia Blouson are also available.

Title: Store Owner: Looting Out Of Control
Details: A bakery in Compton was vandalized by over 100 looters during an illegal street takeover on Jan. 2, causing at least $70,000 in damage.The family was forced to close the bakery for several days, losing significant revenue during a typically busy period.Thankfully, a GoFundMe campaign was set up by a family friend and raised over $77,000 to help the bakery recover and support its employees.Owner Reuben Ramirez Jr: “At first, like anybody, we were angry then we were sad. The worst was seeing my parents who built something for over 48 years, to almost lose it because of this violence that is going on right now. These street takeovers in Compton have been getting worse and worse. We need better policies for the community to help us. I would say sometimes these relaxed laws they don’t help, and the people that suffer are the hardworking people. I hate to say it but nobody gets punished for anything.”Compton Mayor Emma Sharif: “The City of Compton is working closely with the Sheriff’s Department to identify and apprehend the perpetrators responsible. Ensuring the safety of businesses and residents in our city is our top priority. No local business should endure such fear and destruction.”City of Compton Councilmember Andre Spicer, who represents the area: “The incident that occurred this morning in District 2 was absolutely unacceptable. It is extremely disheartening to see a local business attacked and destroyed. We need to support our local businesses and ensure that criminals know we will not tolerate the destruction of our beloved local establishments, which are the backbone of our city.”

Title: Study: Talk Shows Are Very Biased
Details: A study by the Media Research Center found that 81% of political jokes in late-night shows targeted conservatives in 2023.Jimmy Kimmel's show had the highest rate of anti-conservative jokes, with 88% of his 2,215 political jokes aimed at right-wing figures.Kimmel roasted former President Trump 762 times and dinged President Biden 164 times while Vice President Kamala Harris was only made fun of once. He joked about the three eldest Trump children a combined 101 times compared to hitting Hunter Biden 9 times.Stephen Colbert's show followed closely, targeting conservatives with 86% of its jokes.Meyers’ NBC show was in third place with 84% of the political jokes being anti-conservative.

Title: 92-Year-Old Sets Grand Canyon Record
Details: Alfredo Aliaga Burdio, 92, has become the oldest person to hike the Grand Canyon rim-to-rim on foot.Burdio's hike began at the North Rim, and he took breaks nearly every hour.He completed the nearly 24-mile hike in 34 hours and 2 minutes, spending 21 hours and 15 minutes actually hiking.Burdio prepared for the hike by walking eight miles daily and has previously hiked the Grand Canyon with family members.Burdio told Guinness World Records: “I was very tired after those first five hours. But what surprised me is that after about a 15-minute break, some food, and electrolytes, I recovered and felt strong again to tackle the next seven hours. I think of the next step and the next, and not how far I still have to go. Then it is not so overwhelming and very doable.”He continued: “I had read about the previous record holder, Mr. John Jepkema whom I admired immensely. I knew that I was only a few months younger than Mr. Jepkema had been and thought that I had a great shot at setting a new record the following year.”

