Title: AI Can Now Hear Cause Of Cough
Details: Researchers have engineered an AI-powered app that can distinguish tuberculosis from other diseases by the sound of the patient’s cough, providing a far simpler and cheaper method of detection than what doctors conventionally use.The research team trained and tested their smartphone-based diagnostic tool on recordings of coughs collected in a healthcare center, analyzing 33,000 spontaneous coughs. Right now, the app isn’t foolproof, but it could nevertheless prove useful in low-income countries as a screening tool, helping to catch cases and interrupt transmission.Scientists are most excited by the consequences of this technology down the road. Coughs and other body sounds could be used as “acoustic biomarkers,” indicating changes in health. Using AI, these sounds could be analyzed to rapidly detect health problems and provide care to areas lacking hospitals.“It’s a sea change to have a common device, the smartphone, which everyone has sitting by their bedside or in their pocket to help observe your coughs,” said Jamie Rogers, product manager at Google Health. Google’s newest Pixel phones have cough and snore detection available.

Title: Parents Question Necessity Of School
Details: A new poll finds nearly one in three parents believe COVID revealed that daily school attendance isn’t essential.The poll, conducted by YouGov for the Centre for Social Justice, discovered that 28% of parents felt daily attendance wasn’t needed, underscoring a trust breach between parents and schools. Only 70% of parents are confident their child's needs are met at school, dropping to 61% for secondary students.Andy Cook, the chief executive of the Centre for Social Justice, says there is “fundamental work” that needs to be done in “rebuilding the contract between families and schools.” He said the polling, which questioned 1,206 parents during December 2023, showed there remains a “significant minority for whom the bonds of trust between families and schools were broken.”Cook: “This is not a one-way street. Parents have legitimate expectations of schools which government must help them to deliver, but as parents, we need to take responsibility for getting our kids ready for school, at school, and for keeping them engaged in school.”He continued: “Restoring the bond between parents and schools—supported by small charities and community organizations—will help us to do this. Failure to address this will be catastrophic for the future of our people, communities, and state.”

Title: Half Of U.S. Fears Political Violence
Details: 49% of U.S. adults fear violence will stem from future presidential election losses, according to a CBS/YouGov poll.A significant 39% of respondents do not consider Biden the legitimate winner of the 2020 election, a level of political skepticism never seen in American history. 70% believe U.S. democracy is under threat, with just 30% thinking it’s secure.78% of respondents disapprove of the "actions taken by the people who forced their way into the U.S. Capitol" on January 6. This includes 70% of Republicans, 82% of independents, and 84% of Democrats. 32% of Republicans still view the event as “defending freedom,” down from 51% in January 2021.Since the January 6 event, over 1,265 people have been charged with related crimes, facing a combined 847 years in prison.

Title: Psychedelic Drug Heals Brain Injuries
Details: Researchers at Stanford have discovered that an African psychedelic plant “significantly” eases symptoms for war veterans with traumatic brain injuries.Ibogaine, used for thousands of years in Africa, is noted for improving PTSD, depression, and anxiety without adverse side effects. It occurs naturally in the roots of the African shrub Iboga.Dr. Nolan Williams, associate professor at Stanford Medicine: “No other drug has ever been able to alleviate the functional and neuropsychiatric symptoms of traumatic brain injury. The results are dramatic, and we intend to study this compound further.”Craig, a U.S. Navy veteran who served 27 years: “My cognitive function has been fully restored. This has resulted in advancement at work and vastly improved my ability to talk to my children and wife. Before the treatment, I was living life in a blizzard with zero visibility and a cold, hopeless, listless feeling. After Ibogaine, the storm lifted.”While Ibogaine shows promise, it remains a Schedule I-controlled substance in the U.S., meaning it’s not approved for legitimate treatment.

Title: Gen Z Finds Renting Too Expensive
Details: Rent is so expensive for Gen Z that 31% live with a parent or family member because they can’t afford to rent or buy their own place, a new survey of U.S. adults finds.The poll paints a picture of what many young Americans are discovering after they graduate college: that career earnings are not enough to cover higher interest rates and higher housing prices. In 2022, the typical American renter became rent-burdened—meaning 30% of the median income is now needed to pay the average rent—for the first time.Of U.S. adults across generations who rent, 24% say they can’t afford their rent anymore, causing almost 40% to sacrifice necessities to pay their housing bill. But the hardship is exacerbated among millennials and Gen Z: 30% and 27%, respectively, are struggling to pay their rent, versus 10% of those who are at least 69.Last year, the typical first-time homeowner was 36 years old, according to the Association of Realtors. That’s a record high, and a full decade older than the oldest member of Gen Z.

Title: Study: Air Pollution Harms Fertility
Details: A new study suggests that air pollution, both indoors and outdoors, can harm male fertility.Specifically, the research found that basic sperm measurements such as sperm concentration, sperm motility, morphology, and semen volume were adversely affected by air pollution.Scientists noted air pollutants could be causing this by either initiating depression and anxiety or disrupting chemical pathways.Almost 2.4 billion people are exposed to hazardous levels of indoor pollution, while 99% of the global population breathes air pollutants that exceed the World Health Organization guideline limits. Sperm counts globally have also decreased by 62% in under 50 years, an Israeli-led study in 2022 found.

Title: Electric Car Saves Son's Life
Details: An Australian mother used her Atto 3 electric vehicle to power her 11-year-old son’s dialysis machine after a storm caused power outages. The machine was critical for his survival as he awaited a transplant.Kristy Holmes, mother: “We ran it off the car. We only needed to use it for the one night. We could have run it for at least four nights and then have to go charge the car somewhere.”An increasing number of electric vehicle makers are equipping their cars with the ability to act as a power supply, allowing drivers to charge other devices. Some companies, like Ford, take this to the next level by allowing their vehicles to feed into the grid, powering entire homes.

Title: Unwanted Dogs Cause Shelters ‘Crisis’
Details: Animal shelters in the U.S. are facing a crisis of unwanted dogs, with the number of stray canines up 22% since 2021.The cost of pet care has surged, forcing many owners to surrender their dogs due to financial strain. In 2022, dog owners paid an average of $344 annually for veterinary visits, $354 for food, and $315 for boarding in 2022. Other factors such as return-to-office requirements and landlord restrictions have increased the number of dogs in animal shelters.As a result, these shelters feel overwhelmed and lack the resources needed to care for the animals. The number of dog deaths in shelters has increased significantly, with a 78% rise from 2021.Stephanie Filer, executive director of the organization Shelter Animals Count: “Shelters are quite literally at crisis and some of them are making the decision to close their doors or reduce hours of operation or reduce the kind of animals that they bring in.”Zoe Kenney, who works at Animal Care Centers of NYC: “We’re having to create space in a way that we haven’t had to before. Sometimes people are choosing between putting food on their plate and putting food on their pet’s plate.”

Title: Jodie Foster: Young People Can’t Work
Details: Former child star Jodie Foster is calling out Gen Z’s attitude toward work, saying she finds members of the generation “really annoying” to work with.She told The Guardian: “They're really annoying, especially in the workplace. They're like, 'Nah, I'm not feeling it today, I'm gonna come in at 10.30AM.’ In emails, I'll tell them, ‘This is all grammatically incorrect, did you not check your spelling?’ And they're like, ‘Why would I do that, isn't that kind of limiting?’”Despite her criticism, she praised Gen Z actor Bella Ramsey’s appearance at Elle magazine's Women in Hollywood event. Foster said Ramsey not only delivered “the best speech” but wore a “beautifully tailored” suit and “a middle parting and no makeup.” Foster noted most of the other attendees were “wearing heels and eyelashes.”Jodie Foster rose to fame after starring in Martin Scorsese's “Taxi Driver” at age 12.

Title: Mouse Filmed Tidying Man's Shed
Details: A man in Wales was baffled after finding his shed tidily arranged for two months straight. After setting up a night vision camera to catch the culprit, Wildlife photographer Rodney Holbrook found a mouse organizing various items into a tray, reminiscent of the movie “Ratatouille.”The mouse moved food, clothes pegs, corks, nuts, bolts, and even cable ties. Holbrook now leaves items out, knowing they'll be put back.Holbrook: “It has been going on for months. I call him Welsh Tidy Mouse. At first, I noticed that some food that I was putting out for the birds was ending up in some old shoes I was storing in the shed, so I set up a camera. I couldn’t believe it when I saw that the mouse was tidying up. He moved all sorts of things into the box, bits of plastic, nuts, and bolts. I don’t bother to tidy up now, as I know he will see to it. I leave things out of the box and they put it back in its place by the morning. 99 times out of 100 the mouse will tidy up throughout the night.”

