Title: iPhone Survives 16,000-Foot Drop
Details: An iPhone that dropped 16,000 feet after an Alaska Airlines plane suffered a blown out window has miraculously survived, providing perhaps some of the best PR Apple has received in years.A man discovered the iPhone, possibly an iPhone 14 Pro or 15 model, on a road near Beaverton, Oregon. On it, he found a baggage receipt email for the unlucky Alaska flight, leading him to connect the dots and post a picture of it on social media.The device was still in Airplane Mode and worked fine, likely cushioned by landing on grass.Following the plane incident, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration grounded over 170 planes to evaluate their safety.

Title: Study: Leaving Cities Boosts Health
Details: A new study reveals that living closer to green and blue spaces significantly boosts health among older adults. In other words, the more nature near your home, the better you’ll likely feel.Researchers found that a 10% increase in forest space or greenery like parks and trails in one's ZIP code is linked to reduced psychological distress and improved overall health ratings. Another 10% increase in green space, tree cover, water, or nature trails also appeared to lower the odds that older individuals reported their general health as either “poor” or “fair.”The study analyzed over 42,000 seniors' health data from 2011-2019.Adithya Vegaraju, medical student: “Loss of our urban green and blue spaces may not just have an environmental impact but could have a public health impact as well.”Solmaz Amiri, research assistant professor: “Exposure to green and blue spaces could help slow cognitive decline.”

Title: Brain Chip Stops Risk-Taking
Details: Japanese scientists have engineered a brain chip that prevents risk-taking behavior, and they’re testing it first on monkeys.The technology targets different brain regions with light flashes. A tendency to take bigger risks was triggered by turning on the light on one side of the brain, while flashing the other led to the monkeys settling for lower risk and reward.To measure riskiness, the scientists trained the monkeys to look at different colored spots on a screen to receive a water reward. Over time, the monkeys learned that looking at some spots had a much greater likelihood of generating the prize, but the prize was lower, while other spots had a lower likelihood of a prize but a greater reward.Before the chip was activated, the monkeys tended to look at the high-risk, high-reward spots. That changed when the chip operated, leading the animals to prefer the low-risk, low-reward options.The study's findings could enhance understanding of human behaviors, particularly conditions like gambling addiction.Veit Stuphorn, associate professor of neuroscience at Johns Hopkins University: “This unexpected finding implies that two neighboring regions in the frontal cortex together regulate risk attitude in a competitive push-pull-like fashion and can both increase and decrease risk seeking. This is important because it opens up the possibility to identify the neuronal mechanisms in the circuit underlying this ability.”

Title: Jo Koy Flops At Golden Globes
Details: Comedian Jo Koy failed to generate much laughter as he hosted the Golden Globes last night, emphasizing that he had taken the gig with just a ten-day notice.At one point, he plainly told the audience: “You want a perfect monologue? Some I wrote, some other people wrote. I wrote some of these and those are the ones you’re laughing at.”When one joke received a lackluster response, Koy said, “That’s hilarious, I don’t care.”Users online cringed as Koy delivered his monologue. “Comedian’s nightmare fuel up there on stage today,” one wrote.Others were more generous: “Jo Koy is a great comic, but i’m not sure he’s used to working a showbiz crowd hosting the #GoldenGlobes. His monologue wasn’t biting enough but also was a little too biting in the same moment. Tougher gig than it looks.”

Title: U.S. Companies Increasingly Busting
Details: U.S. private companies, especially mid-sized firms, are increasingly filing for bankruptcy due to rising financing costs from Federal Reserve rate hikes.While larger companies have mostly been insulated, the collapse of smaller suppliers could disrupt supply chains and increase costs for bigger corporations.Andrew Milgram, managing partner and CIO at Marblegate: “The water looks fine from the shore but what’s happening underneath the surface is a very very troubled environment that is very dangerous.”Private firms saw a significant drop in income, over 20% between 2019 and 2022, whereas larger public corporations experienced growth. Bankruptcy filings rose by over 250% in 2023, primarily among smaller companies.Data shows that privately held companies are more vulnerable due to their inability to control expenses and pass on costs, intensifying the impact of demand weakening, wage inflation, and rising funding costs.

Title: Russia Sends Naked Rapper To Military
Details: A prominent Russian rapper who wore nothing but a Balenciaga sock on his penis at a naked celebrity party has been ordered to enlist in the military as punishment.Nikolai Vasilyev, known as Vacio, sparked rage and disgust within Putin, who thought he and others at the party insulted the country’s frontline fighters. He has since been sentenced to a 25-day jail term and fined 200,000 roubles ($2,200) for promoting “non-traditional sexual relations.”Vasilyev says he’s been unfairly detained, emphasizing that problems only arose when partygoers pulled off his Balenciaga penis sock. Speaking to a local media outlet, he noted that he was ready to fight in the war “if he could be useful.”The party Vasilyev attended sparked national controversy in Russia, with authorities finding it deeply disrespectful and currently probing it for illegality.

Title: Young Men Turning To Sports Betting
Details: Young men on college campuses are increasingly turning to sports betting to form friendships and combat loneliness.One student, 19-year-old Marcus, told Business Insider he’s made more than $32,000 after pouring in $11,000 of his own money. “Sports betting, oddly enough, has kept my friendships alive,” he emphasized.Marcus said he’s encouraged other young men to join, and they now wake up at 4 or 5AM to catch tennis matches to bet on. He pointed out that the hobby’s ability to create and deepen friendships is one of the main reasons he does it, and that he and his friends will spend their earnings on a trip to Cancún, Mexico.Nationwide, sports betting has surged on campuses. Some apps now allow anyone over 18 to bet because they’re modeled after sweepstakes and aren’t subject to conventional betting laws that set the minimum age at 21. Other students use VPNs to get around state laws.Noah, a 19-year-old who goes to college in Illinois, uses sports betting to keep up with his friends from high school. “With some of my home friends, it's a great way to be communicating throughout the week,” he said. "Honestly, I'd feel kind of like a degenerate if I just did it by myself," said 21-year-old Miles.Experts caution this hobby could easily devolve into an addiction. Still, it comes at a time when loneliness is higher than ever, especially among young men, providing an unconventional avenue for friendship.

Title: Experts: Keep Screens From Babies
Details: New research suggests that screen time for toddlers may lead to sensory processing issues, heightening risks of conditions like autism and ADHD.One researcher notes a 105% higher likelihood of sensory problems in children exposed to screens at 12 months by the age of 33 months. Each extra hour of screen time at 18 and 24 months raises the likelihood by 23% and 20%, respectively.The study advises against any screen time for children under 24 months and recommends limiting it to an hour daily between ages two and five. Live video chats may be an exception due to their social benefits.The research team analyzed data from 1,471 infants and toddlers under 24 months, focusing on their TV or DVD viewing habits. They assessed sensory processing outcomes at 33 months using a parent-completed questionnaire.David Bennett, researcher: “Parent training and education are key to minimizing, or hopefully even avoiding, screen time in children younger than two years.”

Title: Scientists Change Dinosaur Narrative
Details: Scientists have once again revised their understanding of dinosaurs, this time regarding T-rexes.A new study suggests what were once seen as smaller T-rexes may be a separate species entirely. Evidence was discovered in their growth rings, indicating these dinosaurs were nearly full-grown, not juveniles.Dr. Nick Longrich observed slowed bone growth rates and lower maximum weight estimates for the dinos, challenging previous beliefs they were juvenile T-rexes.Dr. Longrich: “If they were young T. rex they should be growing like crazy, putting on hundreds of kilograms a year, but we’re not seeing that. We tried modeling the data in a lot of different ways and we kept getting low growth rates.”The results contradict a 2020 study by researchers at Oklahoma State University, who concluded that at the time of the death, the small T-rexes were likely only 13 to 15 years old and had not yet reached their full growth potential.Dr. Holly Woodward, the author of the 2020 Oklahoma State study, remains skeptical: “I’m not convinced that their interpretation is more accurate than ours.”

Title: Aussies Help Rebuild Ukraine Schools
Details: Australian “builders without borders” have helped rebuild dozens of homes and schools in war-torn Ukraine.66-year-old Manfred Hin spent most of 2023 in the European country, working with Ukrainian charity Brave to Rebuild to revitalize over 50 homes and schools devastated by the war. Despite the risks and losing three colleagues, Hin is driven by a deep sense of duty, recalling his childhood in post-war Germany: “It’s a call of the heart, I would say.”Hin plans to return to Ukraine to continue the rebuilding work, aiming to create a permanent network of “builders without borders” to offer hope and practical help to those in need.Tasmanian carpenter Hamish Stirling, 36, was inspired by Hin's story and joined the effort, bringing his tools and skills to help rebuild and clear rubble. He spent a few months learning Ukrainian before packing his bags and boarding a flight to Europe. “At the time I was working for myself … so I put work on hold for three months and took over what tools I could fit in my luggage allowance,” Stirling said.Hin is aware of the risks he’s taking, but he sees his mission as too important to abandon. “I'm conscious… I could be killed. I've lost three people working with me. But how do you concern yourself with what might happen in the face of what has happened to other people? Every time it gets a bit too noisy from the rockets and from the artillery, I tell them to turn up AC/DC so we don't hear it anymore, and we keep going. It's a never-ending story, but you can't sit back and do nothing. When you're over there, it is almost like mirror image to World War II. I couldn't help when I was a little boy but now I can.”

