Title: January Impacts Mood, Sex Drive
Details: New research shows that the changing seasons, particularly January winter, can significantly impact our behavior and cognitive functions. This includes mood variations, memory, concentration, social interactions, and sexual activity.The phenomenon known as “Seasonal Affective Disorder,” or “winter blues,” is linked to reduced daylight. Symptoms include persistent sadness, decreased energy, overeating, and oversleeping.Cognitive abilities like memory and concentration tend to dip in the winter, possibly due to lower levels of vitamin D, which is produced by the body when our skin is exposed to sunlight.Social and sexual behaviors also change with the seasons. Colder temperatures can increase the desire for social connection and romantic content, while sexual activity patterns vary.According to a study from Villanova and Rutgers University, Google users are more likely to seek pornography in the deep mid-winter and early summer.

Title: Some Epstein Claims Under Scrutiny
Details: Newly unsealed court documents claim Jeffrey Epstein recorded videos of high-profile individuals, including Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, and Richard Branson, in sexual encounters with women he provided.The allegations were made by Sarah Ransome, an Epstein victim, in emails to journalist Maureen Callahan in 2016. Ransome claimed in those emails that Trump had sex with “many girls,” including a friend of hers who is not named, who she says also slept with Bill Clinton and billionaire Richard Branson.In 2019, Ransome retracted all claims in an email, but some activists think she was forced to do so because of threats.In the email, she wrote: “I want to walk away from this… It's not worth coming forward and I will never be heard anyhow and only bad things will happen as a consequence of me going public. This will just create pain for my family and I and they have already helped me pick up the pieces once before. I can't ask them to do that again.”The FBI is under pressure to release evidence from a 2019 raid on Epstein's mansion, but no such footage has been publicly uncovered.Steven Cheung, a Trump spokesperson, said today: “These baseless accusations have been fully retracted because they are simply false and have no merit.”

Title: Report: SoundCloud Selling For $1B
Details: SoundCloud, one of the world’s largest music streaming services, is going for sale at a valuation of $1 billion, according to Sky News.The outlet reports that SoundCloud shareholders Raine Group and Temasek Holdings have begun interviewing investment banks regarding a prospective auction of the brand.Since SoundCloud’s founding in 2007, more than 40 million artists have released 320 million tracks on the platform.The process of selling SoundCloud is unlikely to get underway for some months, according to one insider.

Title: Airline Finds Loose Bolts In Planes
Details: United Airlines has discovered loose bolts on several aircraft following an in-flight door plug blowout on an Alaska Airlines plane.These aircraft, all Boeing 737 Max 9s, were grounded by the Federal Aviation Administration last weekend for safety inspections. 171 were grounded in total, and United Airlines, which owns 79 of them, did not confirm how many planes had the loose bolts. The airline did report however that “significant cancellations” will follow.United said in a statement to CBS News: “Since we began preliminary inspections on Saturday, we have found instances that appear to relate to installation issues in the door plug—for example, bolts that needed additional tightening. These findings will be remedied by our Tech Ops team to safely return the aircraft to service.”

Title: Inmate Looks Like Batman Villain
Details: A man who leaped at a judge last week after his probation was denied has returned to court, this time wearing a muzzle and orange gloves attached to handcuffs. It didn’t take long for social media users to wonder if he’s headed to Arkham Asylum.Deobra Redden was sentenced to 19 to 48 months in prison for the felony battery he was initially in court for, but he now faces new felony counts for the attack on the judge.One user wrote: “Bro got the Hannibal Lecter treatment.”Another joked, “Balenciaga prolly taking notes on the fit.”

Title: Michelle O ‘Terrified’ For Election
Details: In a new interview, Michelle Obama candidly shared her fears about the impact the 2024 presidential election will have on democracy.She told podcast host Jay Shetty: “I am terrified about what could possibly happen. Because our leaders matter. Who we select, who speaks for us, who holds that bully pulpit—it affects us in ways that sometimes I think people take for granted.”“The fact that people think that government, does it really even do anything? And I’m like, ‘Oh my God, does government do everything for us.’ And we cannot take this democracy for granted. And sometimes I worry that we do. Those are the things that keep me up,” she said.Last week, The Washington Post reported that Barack Obama was similarly worried about the upcoming election, appearing “animated” in private discussions with Biden and urging him to revamp his campaign by hiring more senior staff.

Title: Chinese Billionaire Buys Up U.S. Land
Details: A Chinese national who made his fortune from online gaming is the second-biggest foreign owner of U.S. land, according to a new report.Chen Tianqiao owns 198,000 acres of Oregon timberland, obtained for $85 million in 2015. Only the Irving family of Canada ranks above him in non-U.S. citizen ownership.The land purchase reflects a growing trend of foreign ownership in U.S. agricultural and rural land. About 40 million acres of American agricultural land was owned by non-U.S. interests as of 2021, with entities from China owning the equivalent of .03% of all U.S. farmland.Some lawmakers have proposed rules restricting foreign investment in American agricultural property, emphasizing that American farmers may lose leverage in the market. Foreign ownership may also present security risks.

Title: Bottled Water Has Harmful Plastic
Details: New research from Columbia University finds that bottled water is contaminated with 100 times more plastic than originally thought. These plastic particles are so tiny that they can invade human body cells, scientists caution.The study found 240,000 plastic particles per liter in popular bottled water brands. Of these, 90% were nanoplastics, and 10% were microplastics.Additionally, only 10% of the nanoparticles were plastics scientists could identify, leaving the remaining 90% unknown.Nanoplastics are capable of infiltrating organs, including the heart and brain. They can also cross the placenta, affecting unborn babies.Beizhan Yan, environmental chemist: “Previously this was just a dark area, uncharted. Toxicity studies were just guessing what’s in there. This opens a window where we can look into a world that was not exposed to us before.”The team aims to explore the presence of nanoplastics in other areas, such as tap water and wastewater from laundry, which has been shown to contain millions of particles per laundry load.

Title: Study: Number Of Relatives Declining
Details: A new study suggests that families will change dramatically over the years to come, with a decline of over 35% in the number of relatives per individual.This change is attributed to shifting family structures, with fewer cousins, nieces, nephews, and grandchildren but more great-grandparents and grandparents.In 1950, a 65-year-old woman had an average of 41 living relatives. By 2095, a woman of the same age will have an average of only 25 living relatives.The largest declines in family size are expected in South America and the Caribbean, with a 67% decrease in relatives for a 65-year-old woman by 2095. In North America and Europe, the decline is less pronounced but still significant.Diego Alburez-Gutierrez, researcher: “Our findings confirm that the availability of kinship resources is declining worldwide. As the age gap between individuals and their relatives widens, people will have family networks that are not just smaller, but also older.”

Title: Donald Glover Starring As 21 Savage
Details: Donald Glover, otherwise known as Childish Gambino, will star as 21 Savage in an upcoming film titled “American Dream: The 21 Savage Story.”The movie will serve as a memoir of Savage’s incarceration by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement beginning in 2019. Savage was arrested for allegedly overstaying a visa and faced deportation. The “Free 21 Savage” campaign brought attention to his case and led to a series of delays in court proceedings that allowed him to obtain a green card.Savage teased the film on Sunday night with a photo of Glover sporting his signature face tattoo. Caleb McLaughlin of “Stranger Things” fame will play a young version of the Atlanta native.The trailer ends with a screen saying the film will be released in theaters on “Independence Day.” A Lionsgate logo also appears at the beginning, but it’s not clear if a feature film exists as of yet.

