Title: Secret Tunnel Under NYC Synagogue
Details: Chaos erupted last night at the Chabad-Lubavitch World Headquarters in Brooklyn when a group of young Jewish men tried to stop police and construction crews from filling in a secret tunnel they illegally dug. According to the synagogue, the tunnel was dug to reach a closed-down women’s bath.The men were filmed tearing down wood panels and wooden support beams. Other footage showed cops trying to hold back dozens of Hasidic Jewish men toppling over wooden pews in their anger. In one video, a Jewish man is seen climbing up from the sewer.Members of the Chabad-Lubavitch movement have reportedly been digging a tunnel under the synagogue for nearly a year. It was designed to reach an abandoned women’s mikvah—or ritual bath—around the corner and “expand” the synagogue, according to the Jewish outlet Forward. It’s still unclear why digging an underground passage was necessary for this expansion.The tunnel was finally discovered last month when neighbors reported suspicious noises coming from underneath their homes.Rabbi Yehuda Krinsky, the Chabad-Lubavitch chairman, issued a statement thanking the NYPD for its assistance: “The Chabad-Lubavitch community is pained by the vandalism of a group of young agitators who damaged the synagogue below Chabad Headquarters.”

Title: Dating App Denies Attractive Score
Details: The CEO of the dating app Hinge has addressed concerns about the quality of matches on the platform, denying the existence of an “attractiveness score.”Users have complained online that the app routinely matches them with people so unattractive they “look like they snuck onto Earth.” One user wrote on X: “I'm convinced I'm ugly because only unattractive guys on hinge like me.”CEO Justin McLeod was asked about these complaints during an interview, telling Forbes: “We don't really have an attractiveness score. For every person we have this sort of individualized taste profile of who you like and who likes you back. We look at who you liked and who's liked you and who you've passed on and who's passed on you and that just gives us a sense generally using machine learning to understand how likely you are to like someone and how likely is someone to like you.”He continued: “Matchmaking is very hard and dating is very hard. We're not like a tech product that you can click the button and it plays the song, it's not just a technical problem, it's a very deep and human problem and it's one of the most intractable problems that people have been writing songs about.”New data shows the number of people using dating apps or websites hit 30% in 2022, an increase from just 11% in 2013. In 2022, the number of online daters who met their serious partner online jumped to 20%.

Title: Fewer People Want To Be Cops
Details: San Francisco Police Academy is facing a decline in enrollment, with only 26 officers graduating last year. To combat the shortage, the starting salary for new officers has been raised to $112,398, the highest in major U.S. cities.“We are bending over backward,” said the hiring head of the San Francisco Police Department.Nationwide, police departments are facing similar challenges in recruiting officers, prompting innovative measures. The decline in interest in law enforcement careers is attributed to various factors, including public perception and dangers associated with the job.Efforts to address the shortfall include significant signing bonuses and outreach campaigns in other states.Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum: “It feels like desperation.”

Title: FL May Ban Minors From Social Media
Details: Florida lawmakers are considering new laws to protect minors online, including restricting access to social media platforms for anyone under age 16. Another measure would require pornography websites to verify that visitors are 18 years or older.These measures echo similar legislative efforts in other U.S. states, with ongoing legal challenges. The laws aim to address digital addiction, bullying and other harm to youth, and exposure to harmful content.Paul Renner, Florida House Speaker: “We have to regulate social media in a meaningful way because our kids’ lives depend on it. We’ve got to think about kids. We tell them they… can’t smoke until they’re 18, they can’t get tattoos or earrings without their parents’ consent, all of these things. But an 8-year-old kid can get online and see pornography. That doesn’t make sense. How do we let that happen?”Last week, Pornhub blocked access to users in North Carolina and Montana over the states’ new age verification laws. A similar ban was imposed in Arkansas in August, joining Mississippi, Virginia, and Utah.

Title: Detroit Has Best-Growing House Market
Details: Over the past year, single-family home prices in Detroit increased by 9.2%, surpassing the growth rate of Miami, which had the nation’s fastest-appreciating market for 16 months. Detroit now leads in housing market appreciation among the top 20 U.S. metropolitan areas.Homes in the three largest U.S. markets, the New York City, Los Angeles, and Chicago metro areas, gained 7.2%, 4.3%, and 6.3% respectively. Meanwhile, home prices in the San Francisco area are down 2.5%, the only major metro to see a decline.Four of the top five markets at “very high” risk of home price declines in the next year are in Florida, including the Palm Bay, West Palm Beach, Tampa, and Deltona areas. Atlanta is also on the list of metros estimated to have at least a 70% probability of a price drop.

Title: Men Are Flirting With Female Bots
Details: A business consultant noticed their bot which schedules meetings and has a female name was getting asked to go on dates by male clients.The consultant writes: “I have sort of a strange situation. I provide consulting services for (mostly) small business owners. This generally involves scheduling some meetings, and I have an email “Personal Assistant” bot that does this for me. It has a female name (which was the default), and does not announce that it is a bot (though I don’t think it’s hard to tell).”“However, this complete lack of personal-type interaction has not stopped several of the men (not usually the actual owners of the client businesses) it is scheduling appointments with from asking it out on dates. Sometimes this happens within the same emails that were used to schedule meetings, and once a man sent an after-hours email from his personal address (which is somehow both creepier and also better work/life boundaries? I don’t know!). So far I have just ignored these incidents and gone on with the professional relationship like nothing happened.”“Obviously, this would be inappropriate behavior if it was happening to an actual human assistant, and I would deal with it. However, since it’s happening to a bot, what am I supposed to do?”One commenter responded: “This is one of those things that could’ve been a prophetic Onion headline or a Simpson’s episode 5-10 years ago.”

Title: Don Lemon Hosts New Show On X
Details: Don Lemon, a former CNN host who was fired in April 2023, will now be hosting a show on X. He’ll be joining Tucker Carlson, who also lost his primetime anchor role in April 2023.X wrote in a statement: “We’re delighted to announce a new content partnership with @DonLemon for his new project, The Don Lemon Show. The award winning TV journalist will share his unique and honest voice in 30 minute episodes, three times a week, covering politics, culture, sports and entertainment. The show will run exclusively first on X. Welcome Don!”Lemon was a host on CNN for 17 years before being fired over allegations of sexism and misogyny.

Title: Trump Comment Splits U.S. In Half
Details: A new poll reveals a divided American opinion on Trump's statements about immigrants. Nearly half, 47%, agree with his assertion that undocumented immigrants are “poisoning the blood” of the U.S., while 46% disagree.During a New Hampshire rally last month, Trump criticized the record number of migrants trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border, promising to crack down on both illegal and legal immigration.His comments were likened to rhetoric used in Nazi Germany, drawing comparisons to Adolf Hitler by Biden's campaign.A survey of 1,247 voters found that nearly half think Trump spoke correctly, including 30% who strongly agreed with his comments.A CBS News survey earlier this month found a widespread perception of a crisis at the U.S. border, with 93% of respondents recognizing it as a serious issue.

Title: Judge Judy Endorses Nikki Haley
Details: Judge Judy Sheindlin has endorsed Republican Nikki Haley for president. In 2020, the TV judge endorsed Democrat Michael Bloomberg.Sheindlin said in a statement released by Haley’s campaign: “I’m proud to endorse Nikki Haley because she is whip smart, has executive credentials and was a superb governor.” She also called the former South Carolina governor and UN ambassador “principled” and “measured,” saying Haley has that elusive “quality of real common sense.”Judy Sheindlin: “I truly think she can restore America and believe she is the future of this great nation.”Haley said she was “honored” to have the support, dubbing Sheindlin a “no-nonsense lady.”

Title: South Korea Bans Eating Dogs
Details: South Korea's National Assembly unanimously passed a bill to outlaw dog meat consumption. The bill was approved with a 208-0 vote, marking a major cultural shift.The law will be enacted after it’s endorsed by the Cabinet Council and signed by President Yoon Suk Yeol, steps considered a formality as Yoon’s government supports the ban.Starting in 2027, the law will criminalize slaughtering, breeding, trading, and selling dog meat for human consumption, with penalties of up to three years in prison. It comes as new surveys show a majority of South Koreans no longer eat dog meat.

