Title: AI Can Now Screen Out Bad Ideas
Details: AI could make crowdsourcing obsolete by efficiently screening out bad ideas, a new study suggests.Crowdsourcing contests are when someone posts a task (such as a website design or a new logo) on a platform and pledges a monetary reward for a winning solution.Researchers developed an AI model trained on a data set of 21 of these contests, which included 4,191 ideas. They found that the model was able to anticipate which idea would win, effectively screening out bad ideas.Specifically, the AI screened out 44% of the 4,191 ideas. 14% of winning ideas were eliminated, the researchers noted, but they say a better model using a two-step approach would prevent any winners from being eliminated.Johann Füller, researcher: “In the selection phase, AI can replace humans in the screening and narrowing of those ideas. But in the long run, if automation is used properly, it can even eliminate the need for human idea generators and make crowdsourcing itself obsolete.”

Title: 38% Of U.S. Companies Expect Layoffs
Details: In 2024, a significant 38% of U.S. companies are expected to see layoffs, according to a survey of 906 business leaders by ResumeBuilder.52% are likely to implement a hiring freeze, and half anticipate a recession. 40% of companies say layoffs are due to replacing workers with AI and 30% are reducing or eliminating holiday bonuses this year.For instance, Nike has announced a $2 billion cutback over the next three years, with an uncertain number of job cuts included. Toy giant Hasbro will cut nearly 20% of its workforce this year. And reports suggest Citi could let go of at least 10% of its workforce.The retail sector is also affected, with a predicted closure of nearly 50,000 stores by 2028 due to the rise of e-commerce and increasing operational costs.

Title: Woman Makes $57M On OnlyFans
Details: Streamer and OnlyFans model Kaitlyn “Amouranth” Siragusa has disclosed her substantial earnings from OnlyFans, totaling $57 million since 2020.Her monthly income from September to December 2023 averaged nearly $1 million, placing her in the top 0.01% of earners on the platform.The revelation sparked a flurry of requests for loans from followers and other internet personalities in the comments of her social media post.“Amouranth” has diversified her business ventures, including land investments and launching an AI version of herself which generated $34,000 in 24 hours. The AI is capable of “advanced roleplaying” and can act as a girlfriend, understanding any pictures, audio, or video sent to it.

Title: Couple Leaves U.S. For Italian Tower
Details: A Colorado couple has left the U.S. after purchasing a 400-year-old tower in Northern Italy for just $21,000.Tom, a photographer, and Aileen, a real estate agent, renovated the run-down tower for around $94,000, transforming it into a vacation home in six months. The renovation included a new kitchen with a balcony, a large bathroom, and an open staircase to enhance the lighting.The couple named the property “Torre Piccolo” and visit it four to five times a year, becoming friends with the village locals.Tom White: “The people in the village have embraced us like family.”

Title: Freddie Gibbs’ Film Coming To Netflix
Details: “Down with the King,” produced by and starring Freddie Gibbs, will come to Netflix on January 18, the artist announced on X.The film follows a popular rapper who is tired of fame and retreats to a farming community to discover his sense of purpose, all while the industry tries to lure him back.It has won three awards and two nominations.

Title: Mercedes Creating ‘Music Experience’
Details: Mercedes has collaborated with Will.i.am to create an “interactive musical experience” for its cars. Music now plays when a driver accelerates, steers, or brakes in real-time, turning the whole vehicle into what Will.i.am calls its own “orchestra.”It offers various musical themes for different driving conditions, like soothing music for rainy weather and energetic beats for acceleration.Drivers can activate Sound Drive through the infotainment screen, allowing the car's hardware to sync with music software. Mercedes aims to make Sound Drive an “open music platform” and invite artists worldwide to create tracks for different driving functions.

Title: U.S. Keeps Statue After Backlash
Details: The National Park Service has halted plans to remove William Penn's statue from a historical park in Philadelphia.Penn, who founded the colony of Pennsylvania, was initially supposed to be removed to “rehabilitate” Welcome Park. Replacing the statue would be “an expanded interpretation of the Native American history of Philadelphia.”Intense online backlash and concerns from citizens and politicians influenced the reversal of this decision, leading the agency to announce it has “withdrawn the review of a draft proposal to rehabilitate Welcome Park and closed the public comment period.”Democrat Governor Josh Shapiro: “I’m pleased Welcome Park will remain the rightful home of this William Penn statue—right here in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Penn founded.”

Title: Middle East Boycotts Hurt Papa John’s
Details: Western companies like Papa John’s and McDonald’s are facing boycotts in the Middle East over their perceived support of Israel, causing meaningful impacts on the franchises.On Monday, Papa John’s reported lower-than-expected global net store openings in 2023, casting blame on “restaurant opening delays due to the ongoing conflict in the Middle East.” The company didn’t specify how the war in Gaza delayed store openings.Last week, McDonald’s CEO Chris Kempczinski said boycotts were causing “a meaningful business impact due to the war and associated misinformation that is affecting brands like McDonald's.” The protests were sparked after an Israeli McDonald's offered free meals to Israeli soldiers, a move that was renounced by McDonald's in some Muslim countries.

Title: Nigerian Scammer Gets 10 Years
Details: A Nigerian man living in Indiana was sentenced to over 10 years in prison for his role in internet fraud schemes targeting the elderly.Olugbenga Lawal was a member of one of the world's most dangerous crime syndicates, the Nigerian Black Axe. He conspired to launder millions stolen from elderly victims, often through romantic scams and business email compromises. These victims, believing they were in romantic relationships, were tricked into transferring large sums of money.Lawal managed over $3.6 million across various bank accounts and engaged in complex laundering activities, including car exports to Nigeria. He was ordered to pay over $1.46 million in restitution following his conviction on August 10, 2023.The FBI said that in 2022 alone, elderly Americans filed 88,262 complaints with its Internet Crime Complaint Center, with a cumulative loss amounting to roughly $3.1 billion. This marked an 84% surge in losses compared to 2021, with each victim incurring average losses surpassing $35,000 and more than 5,000 victims experiencing losses exceeding $100,000.

Title: ‘Murder Capital’ Drops To 0 Homicides
Details: In 1992, East Palo Alto was dubbed the “murder capital” of the U.S., with 42 murders in its 2.5 square miles—a per capita rate higher than that of any other city of any size. In 2023, the city had zero homicides.Some officials point to gentrification as solving the problems, with the median household income drastically increasing in the past three decades and the average home now worth over $900,000. As tech companies in surrounding areas flourished, the city experienced a significant transformation. Now majority Latino, the city used to be a landing spot for African-American families facing redlining by lenders and real estate agents.Others point to increased development, including more job opportunities, programs for youth, and community policing. During the nation’s crack cocaine epidemic, about 17% of East Palo Alto residents lived in poverty, higher than the national level. The majority of the homicides in 1992 were tied to drug dealers and gang members fighting over territory.In response, neighboring cities provided law enforcement support. By 1993, the number of homicides dropped to four. The city also received help from the state and was able to move forward with the development of a shopping center, which had a policy requiring all businesses to hire from the community.Mayor Antonio López emphasized that crucial to his city’s revival was forming trust between police and residents, especially by helping youth through community programs. “What I love about East Palo Alto is not only is it a model for our peninsula but also the country about how community policing can be effective,” he said.

