Title: Tiny Homes Ease Homelessness
Details: Community First Village in Austin is expanding to become one of the largest communities for homeless individuals.The village offers 100 RVs and 125 micro-houses, along with community gardens, workspaces, playgrounds, recreational areas, parks, kitchens, and a dozen other group facilities. Rent ranges from $200 to $430 monthly.The community space currently houses 200 formerly homeless residents and the organization began constructing additional facilities last year. Once complete, the village will be able to house almost 500 people.The village was created by the Mobile Loaves & Fishes charity in 2014, and opened up to renters on the outskirts of Austin in 2019, with the mission of providing security to the homeless to heal from their years spent on the streets.In fall of 2022, the mastermind behind both the charity and Community First announced an adjacent site that will take the number of tiny homes to 2,000, designed by architectural firms that offered pro-bono bids to design the best energy efficient homes.The village has received significant funding, with the American Rescue Plan and the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation each donating $35 million.

Title: New Rule Upends Millions Of U.S. Jobs
Details: The Biden administration issued a new rule intended to put more gig workers on company payrolls, a change that could reverberate across companies like Uber and DoorDash.Set to be implemented in March, this rule imposes a stricter standard for determining if workers can be classified as independent contractors, replacing the 2021 Trump administration rule.The new regulation could affect millions of workers across a range of industries, including healthcare, restaurants, construction and transportation, though affected businesses could seek to pursue legal action to block the rule.Independent contractors don’t receive federal labor protections such as minimum wage, workers’ compensation or unemployment benefits. Some companies improperly count their employees as contractors to avoid paying for those protections, Labor Department officials said.Labor Secretary Julie Su: “This rule provides greater clarity and consistency in determining a worker’s status.”

Title: Samsung AI Robot Follows You Around
Details: Samsung has introduced an advanced version of its Ballie robot at CES 2024, showcasing significant improvements over its 2020 predecessor. The original model was slammed by critics as being “inherently sinister.”The new Ballie is described as a friendly assistant and offers various home services like projecting content onto walls. The robot will follow you around your house at your command and keep up with your pets with live updates while you are away at work.Samsung said in a statement: “Ballie has been revamped with new advanced features to help users intelligently navigate their lives. Ballie acts as a personal home assistant, autonomously driving around the home to complete various tasks. By connecting to and managing home appliances, Ballie can provide a helping hand to users in many situations — continually learning from users’ patterns and habits to provide smarter, more personalized services.”The company added in a news release: Ballie is “capable of interacting with other smart devices to provide customized services, such as taking care of bothersome tasks or projecting images and videos on walls so that users can view key information for their daily lives such as weather or other relevant content wherever they are.”

Title: Denver's Overdose Crisis Worsens
Details: Denver recorded 522 fatal drug overdoses in 2023, marking a 15% increase from 2022.Deaths involving the powerful synthetic opioid Fentanyl climbed by 40% in 2023 compared to 2022.This year, the city will begin implementing new measures, including wastewater testing for fentanyl and distribution of naloxone and fentanyl testing kits.Executive director of the Harm Reduction Action Center Lisa Raville advocates for overdose prevention centers and a regulated drug supply.Funding for these initiatives comes from a multimillion-dollar opioid settlement and CDC grant money.

Title: Man At Center Of Jan 6 Gets Probation
Details: A man at the center of conversation surrounding the U.S. Capitol riot was sentenced to a year of probation for joining the Jan. 6, 2021 riot.Ray Epps, a former Arizona resident who was driven into hiding by death threats, pleaded guilty in September to a misdemeanor charge.Epps surrendered to the FBI two days after the riot after learning that agents were trying to identify him. He agreed to be interviewed by FBI agents as well as by the House committee that investigated the Jan. 6 riot.Prosecutors say Epps encouraged the mob to storm the Capitol, helped other rioters push a large metal-framed sign into a group of officers, and participated in “a rugby scrum-like group effort” to push past a line of police officers.Epps isn’t accused of entering the Capitol or engaging in any violence or destruction on Jan. 6. He pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct on restricted grounds, a charge punishable by a maximum of one year behind bars.He appeared remotely by video conference and wasn’t in the Washington, D.C., courtroom when Chief Judge James Boasberg sentenced him. Prosecutors had recommended a six-month term of imprisonment for Epps.He received no jail time, and there were no restrictions placed on his travel during his probation, but he will have to serve 100 hours of community service.

Title: U.S. Credit Card Debt Hits Record
Details: A staggering 56 million Americans have been in credit card debt for over a year.The total U.S. credit card balance reached a record $1.08 trillion as of September last year.High inflation over the past two years is a significant factor, with many relying on credit cards for daily expenses.The average credit card interest rate has soared to 22.77%, exacerbating the debt situation.Expert advice includes considering 0% balance transfer cards and consulting financial counselors for debt management.Ted Rossman, senior industry analyst, Bankrate: “It's no wonder, then, that we’re seeing more people carrying more debt for longer periods of time.”

Title: Suit: Company Biased Against Old Guys
Details: James Reid Venable, a former Activision Blizzard executive, has filed a lawsuit alleging age discrimination.Venable claims he was discriminated against after a remark by then-CEO Bobby Kotick about “too many old white guys” being the company’s “problem.”He alleges a hostile work environment and lower salary increases compared to younger, non-white colleagues.Two other executives at the company, both white men in their 50s, left the firm “at least in part, on Kotick’s ageist remarks,” it was alleged in the lawsuit.The lawsuit follows a $54 million settlement by Activision Blizzard for separate discrimination claims.Venable's complaint includes being laid off during a department “restructuring” despite the company's expansion.

Title: Man Accused Of Killing Bald Eagles
Details: A federal arrest warrant was issued for Simon Paul, accused of slaughtering over 3,600 protected birds, including bald eagles.Paul, along with Travis John Branson, allegedly committed these acts on the Flathead Indian Reservation and elsewhere.They face charges under the Lacey Act and the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act for illegal wildlife trafficking.Branson pleaded not guilty and was released on conditions, while Paul failed to appear for his arraignment.Court papers say Branson also reportedly bragged about going “on a killing spree” and about the “significant sums of cash” the pair made from the sale of the slaughtered birds.The bald eagle, the U.S. national emblem since 1782, was previously an endangered species until 2007.

Title: Student-Athlete Is Named Knigga
Details: High school athlete Noah Knigga has clarified the pronunciation of his last name after causing a frenzy online last week. The athlete's name spread after he announced on X that he would be visiting West Virginia University.In an interview with former football player Robert Griffin III, Knigga explained that the correct pronunciation is “Kih-nay-guh,” not as it phonetically appears.Griffin joked about the name, suggesting t-shirts with “KNIGGA PLEASE” due to the pronunciation. He also made a joke asking if the family has been to Paris, France, referencing Ye and Jay-Z’s 2011 track “N***as In Paris.”Despite the unique last name, Knigga's father mentioned the family hasn't faced any negative backlash.Knigga is a two-sport athlete in basketball and football at Lawrenceburg High School in Indiana.He's an All-State outside linebacker and tight end who put up 207 tackles, including 42 tackles for loss and 14 sacks, and on offense, grabbed 20 receptions and ran for 224 yards in three seasons.He also plays small forward on the varsity basketball team at Lawrenceburg.

Title: First Lawmaker With Down’s Syndrome
Details: At 45, Mar Galcerán has become Spain's first parliamentarian with Down's syndrome.Joining the People's Party at 18, she gradually climbed through the ranks of the party, culminating in her election to Valencia's regional parliament.Mar Galcerán, Parliamentarian: “It’s unprecedented. Society is starting to see that people with Down’s syndrome have a lot to contribute. But it’s a very long road. You find all sorts on social media. There are people who support me. But there are also others who think I’m not capable. But these are people who don’t know me or my background. I want to learn how to do it well, for Valencianos, and more importantly, for those of us who have different abilities. I want people to see me as a person, not just for my disability.”

