Title: Cinema Is In ‘Post-Franchise’ Era
Details: In a new interview, director Christopher Nolan reflected on the incredible success of his film “Oppenheimer,” grossing $953M worldwide.Nolan: “I think the success of Oppenheimer certainly points to a sort of post-franchise, post-intellectual property landscape for movies—it’s kind of encouraging. Everybody has a tendency to talk down the movie business. For the whole time I’ve been working in movies, I felt the cultural establishment was always predicting the demise of movie theaters, and I now get asked that question: ‘What do I think about the health of the movie business?’ And I don’t really know how to respond. We just released a three-hour R-rated film about quantum physics, and it made a billion dollars. Like what? Obviously, our view is that the audience is excited to see something new.”The film has engulfed the awards season, receiving 13 nominations at both the BAFTA and the American Academy and already winning eight Critics Choice Awards and five Golden Globes.

Title: AI Impacting 200K Entertainment Jobs
Details: A new study estimates that AI will disrupt 62,000 entertainment jobs in California and 204,000 nationwide within three years. The sectors affected include film, TV, music, and gaming.Job disruption means tasks within these roles could be replaced or eliminated due to AI. The study, commissioned by the Animation Guild to provide evidence for its fears of the new technology, involved surveys with 300 industry leaders from various levels.Roles in 3D modeling, character design, voice cloning, and sound design are among those most likely to be impacted. The study also notes AI’s potential to displace roles in the music and gaming industries. However, there’s optimism that AI can create new opportunities, though these might require different skill sets from displaced jobs.Brandon Jarratt, who sits on the Animation Guild’s executive board and AI task force: “The tool itself is almost never the issue. The studios are always looking for ways to spend less money. And if they feel like they’re going to be able to cut budgets in order to meet shareholder projections or whatever, then they’re going to try to exploit that in any way they can—and that’s where the fear comes from.”

Title: Volvo Rejects Electric Vehicles
Details: Volvo has announced it will cease funding for its electric vehicle affiliate, Polestar Automotive Holding, due to declining sales and delivery issues. A company in China will now take over Polestar, promising full support.Polestar has faced already-reduced delivery targets for 2023 with shares down over 83% since going public in June 2022. Regardless, Volvo said Polestar was entering “the next exciting phase of its journey” with a strengthened business plan.The Swedish carmaker’s turnaround from the EV market comes as others, such as Toyota, have dismissed the technology. Toyota CEO Akio Toyoda said earlier this month that “no matter how much progress [battery] EVs make, I think they will still only have a 30% market share,” emphasizing that consumers are “finally seeing reality.”

Title: Stay-At-Home GF Now A Trend
Details: Videos of women promoting a lifestyle called “stay-at-home girlfriend” have racked up millions of views on TikTok, with critics saying it’s a step back for women.One content creator, Stella Williams, posts videos talking about having her rent, beauty treatments, and travel expenses covered by her boyfriend, reducing her stress significantly. She says it’s allowed her to focus more on her health and building her brand of making travel content.Williams: “Before this, I was in survival mode, trying to figure out how I was going to keep a roof over my head. Now I can completely focus on my health and lean into building my brand. There's an understanding between me and my partner that I just need to feel taken care of so I can serve in the ways that I want to serve in life.”Keen-eyed analysts note that this trend is a lukewarm version of the “tradwife” phenomenon, which has also grown on TikTok, promoting women providing domestic support such as cooking and cleaning.

Title: RFK Jr. Caught Watching Thirst Traps
Details: The TikTok account belonging to independent presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was caught commenting on a thirst trap video back in 2022.The video was of a woman showing off her butt, to which the Kennedy scion responded with: “Wow.” He also added two “Smiling Face with Hearts” emojis.Kennedy has since denied it was him, asking on X: “Do people really think I was TikToking in 2022?”“The TikTok comment in question was made in 2022 long before I ever had a TikTok account. This comment now appears on my account because the account was previously owned by one of the campaign’s young social media managers,” he claimed.Many people aren’t buying it. “You don’t deny you like em thicc,” one user wrote.

Title: LEGO Tries To Win Over ‘Kidults’
Details: The “kidult” economy, involving adults buying toys, has seen significant growth with $6.7 billion in sales in the U.S. in the past year. This market segment now represents 16% of all toy sales.LEGO has identified this trend early, releasing adult-focused sets, like the Botanical Collection, and collaborating with cultural icons and franchises, including Formula 1 cars and a biopic of Pharrell Williams told through LEGO animation.By drawing adults into LEGO building, the company hopes to strengthen family bonds and improve well-being.Julia Goldin, LEGO’s Chief Product and Marketing officer: “We are noticing a shift, but we are also driving it. This is an insight we capitalized on, understood well, and decided to do something about. People think it was COVID-related, but actually it wasn’t—we develop our portfolio two years in advance. We are tapping into culture. We know from data if adults themselves are engaged, they buy more for their kids, they help their kids build, so we know this is a way for us to achieve our No. 1 priority, which is children.”

Title: Study: Dementia Didn’t Exist In Rome
Details: USC researchers found that mentions of dementia were incredibly rare in ancient Greek and Roman texts, suggesting a lower prevalence of cognitive decline in earlier societies than today.The study points to modern lifestyles and environmental factors, such as sedentary behavior and air pollution, as significant contributors to the high rates of dementia observed today. Ancient records like those from Hippocrates and Roman physician Galen mentioned memory issues sparingly, indicating an awareness of mild cognitive impairment but not severe dementia.Caleb Finch, professor at USC: “The ancient Greeks had very, very few — but we found them — mentions of something that would be like mild cognitive impairment. When we got to the Romans, we uncovered at least four statements that suggest rare cases of advanced dementia — we can’t tell if it’s Alzheimer’s. So, there was a progression going from the ancient Greeks to the Romans. This is the best-documented large population of older people that have minimal dementia, all of which indicates that the environment is a huge determinant on dementia risk. They give us a template for asking these questions.”

Title: Pacific Nations Tax Unhealthy Food
Details: Pacific Island nations, such as Fiji and French Polynesia, are implementing taxes on unhealthy foods to combat a non-communicable disease crisis.Processed foods, sugar, fatty meats, and salt are the main targets. Excise taxes in some areas are significant, ranging up to 22%.Researcher: “Taxes like these are an important tool in addressing the food environment and the rising trend of non-communicable diseases. Ensuring taxes are based on the level of sugar, fat, and salt in foods is a really effective way of encouraging producers to reduce the amount of unhealthy ingredients in products, without placing a high tax burden on consumers.”

Title: Wall Street Stops Drug Tests
Details: Many prestigious banks on Wall Street are no longer screening job applicants or employees for marijuana use, with some eliminating drug testing entirely.These banks include Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, and Morgan Stanley. Goldman Sachs, for instance, has completely stopped testing for substances.Of the available data, cocaine showed up in 16% of the positive tests at Wall Street firms in 2007. It’s unclear how these new policies will affect that phenomenon.

Title: Senator Wears Tuxedo Hoodie
Details: Pennsylvania Senator John Fetterman was spotted wearing his trademark hoodie with a tuxedo design as he went on a date with his wife amid claims that they split.Fetterman gained fame for wearing a hoodie and shorts to almost every campaign event. When he won his election in 2022, he said he would have to wear a suit on the Senate floor. Less than a year later, the Senate ditched its dress code.

