Title: ‘Bone Bandage’ Regenerates Body
Details: Researchers have engineered a “bone bandage” that uses electrical signals and growth hormones from a naturally occurring mineral to regenerate damaged bones. When tested on mice, skull injuries were healed over six weeks.The technology has great promise for humans, as current strategies for bone regeneration have significant limitations. Grafts and scaffolds, for instance, require a donor site and typically have limited availability and a high cost.

Title: Tarantino Prepares For Final Film
Details: Quentin Tarantino is reportedly working on his final film, and Brad Pitt is looking to star, according to The Hollywood Reporter.The film, “The Movie Critic,” follows a cynical movie reviewer that Tarantino read growing up. It’s expected to be set in 1970s Southern California.Tarantino has said he will retire from feature filmmaking after ten films, which would make “The Movie Critic” his final film. No studio is yet attached to the project, and filming is supposed to begin either late this year or early next year.

Title: Deepfake Shakes Up Election
Details: A political candidate in Slovakia was falsely accused of election rigging in AI-generated audio clips that went viral days before a pivotal election. The deepfakes were convincing enough to raise concerns but were later identified as fake.The incident serves as a warning to the U.S., with national security officials anticipating similar attempts to use deepfakes to confuse voters and interfere in the 2024 presidential election.“As a nation, we are woefully underprepared,” said V.S. Subrahmanian, a Northwestern University professor who focuses on the intersection of AI and security.States like California, Michigan, Minnesota, Texas, and Washington have enacted laws to regulate deepfakes in elections. More than two dozen other states have such legislation pending.

Title: 3,500 Monkeys Invade City
Details: A city in central Thailand saw tourists flee and shops close as a ferocious army of 3,500 monkeys invaded the town center.It’s unclear where they came from, but the aggressive behavior of the primates has reportedly only intensified since COVID. Monkeys in Thailand are now reproducing so rapidly that even sterilization efforts have failed.“The monkeys are hungrier and more aggressive than before,” one woefully lamented. “With the tourists gone, they’ve been more aggressive, fighting humans for food to survive. They take anything they can. The comb, the mirror. If I leave the food unattended they steal the food as well.”Locals have had to go so far as to fortify their homes. “We live in a cage but the monkeys live outside,” one stated.

Title: Battery Powers Phone For 50 Years
Details: A Chinese company has engineered a new nuclear battery that could keep your phone running for 50 years without charging.Betavolt Technology claims to have successfully miniaturized atomic energy batteries, which measure less than a coin. The battery is currently in the pilot testing stage and Betavolt plans to mass-produce them for commercial devices like phones and drones, but also states nuclear batteries could be used for aerospace equipment, AI, medical equipment, advanced sensors, and micro-robots.To create the battery, scientists used the radioactive isotope nickel-63 as the energy source and diamond semiconductors as energy converters. Naturally, there are concerns about carrying nuclear material in a pocket, but Betavolt says the battery is safe as it has no external radiation and is suitable for use in medical devices.This technology could revolutionize electronics by removing the need for chargers or portable power banks altogether, powering devices that run continuously and whose batteries do not degrade in terms of capacity and lifespan over charging cycles.

Title: Grammys Now Has Africa Category
Details: For the first time, African music will have its own category at the Grammys: Best African Music Performance. It’s the first continent with this distinction.The move acknowledges the growing popularity of African music in the U.S., especially Afrobeats from Nigeria. On Spotify alone, Afrobeats streams have grown over 550% since 2017, making it one of the fastest-growing genres.Additionally, the Grammys added Best Pop Dance Recording and Best Alternative Jazz Album as categories.Recording Academy CEO Harvey Mason Jr.: “By introducing these three new categories, we are able to acknowledge and appreciate a broader array of artists. We are excited to honor and celebrate the creators and recordings in these categories, while also exposing a wider range of music to fans worldwide.”

Title: Man Gets Into Disneyland For $8
Details: One man used a 46-year-old Disney ticket, originally bought for $8, to enter the Magic Kingdom, saving over $100. The ticket from 1978 lacked an expiration date, so the amusement park honored it and let him in.Matthew Ables: “It’s been collecting dust since before I was born. I just assumed it was an old family keepsake until I realized that it's never been used, and there's no expiration date.”Upon presenting the vintage ticket at guest relations, it was voided but replaced with a yellow pass allowing Ables access to the park. Disney World confirms on its website that it honors all unexpired tickets.

Title: Air Pollution Is Making People Lazier
Details: A new study found that air pollution is making people lazier. Scientists in the UK claim pollution levels in their nation are causing an extra 22 minutes of inactivity per day.Rising levels of nitrogen dioxide, a common air pollutant, were linked to this increase in sedentary behavior.The study involved 644 individuals, using accelerometers to track their activity over three years. Researchers defined inactivity as time spent lying down, sitting, reclining, or standing without moving.Dr. Jonathan Goldney: “This could encourage more time spent indoors and less time being active outside, creating a vicious cycle that increases the risk of chronic diseases. If air pollution is indeed driving this rise in inactivity, measures like low emission zones could significantly impact individual sedentary behaviors and have a profound effect on public health.”This isn’t the only surprising byproduct of air pollution. Researchers earlier this month concluded that pollutants adversely affect male fertility, impacting basic sperm parameters such as sperm concentration, sperm motility, morphology, and semen volume.

Title: China’s Futuristic Megacity Is Empty
Details: In 2017, Xi Jinping proposed his “city of the future,” perched on the outskirts of Beijing. Known as Xiongan, it was described as a gleaming, high-tech metropolis that would be “a model city in the history of human development.” Nearly six years later, the city lacks residents.The ruling Communist Party has since spent some 610 billion yuan ($85 billion) on the city, but when Bloomberg visited it this month, a highway into Xiongan was almost empty.Locals say there is currently not much reason to relocate from Beijing, the center of Chinese prosperity. “I worked hard in the college entrance exams to come to Beijing, not to Xiongan,” said a first-year student at a Chinese university.What the slow start also reveals, however, are the constraints to Xi’s power. The leader has continually praised the city in his addresses, and yet residents still aren’t flocking there. “People must move if needed to,” he said during a May visit to Xiongan with top leaders.Researcher: “This resistance is based on real-world interest. If you cannot make their interests align with your interest then of course you can’t make it happen. Xi’s power still has limits after all.”Still, Xi has time for the city to prosper. Xiongan has a mid-century target for completion, and in 11 years’ time, the city is expected to handle some of Beijing’s non-capital functions and become a “high-level modernized socialist city.” Its success in reaching those goals will be linked to Xi’s own legacy.

Title: Parrot Unites With ‘Love Of His Life’
Details: A pet parrot was reunited with the “love of his life” family dog after vanishing during a storm.Ernie survived uninjured in the wild before he was picked up by a member of the public. When he returned home, his first reaction was to shower the family’s dog, Lottie, with love as they had struck a long-standing, deep friendship.Videos posted online show the parrot singing “If you’re happy and you know it, clap your hands” while sitting on the dog.Owner Alison Roberts: “It’s an absolute miracle we’ve got him back as I thought something had happened to him and we wouldn’t see him again, it was so upsetting when he went. Now he’s back with the love of his life, Lottie.”

