Title: Robot Performing Surgery In Space
Details: Scientists have sent a tiny robot to the International Space Station to perform simulated surgeries in space, with a surgeon back on Earth remotely instructing the device. The experiment will test how zero-gravity impacts surgeries, paving the way for medical procedures in space.The robot, MIRA, weighs just two pounds. During the experiments, the robot “will use its left arm to grasp, and its right arm to cut, much like a human surgeon in a hospital operating room,” according to the University of Nebraska at Lincoln.Besides the possibilities in outer space, the mission could also advance remote surgical techniques in general. This goal is especially significant, as it would help address the projected shortage of up to 30,200 surgical specialists in the U.S. by 2034.

Title: Dominatrix To Sunday School Teacher
Details: A woman has gone from spanking men with Bibles, charging $500 an hour for BDSM services, to now being a celibate Sunday school teacher.After 15 years as one of Australia’s most successful dominatrixes, Tessa Williams says she experienced a profound change in 2021, finding God during a personal crisis. Now 45, she has embraced celibacy, teaches Sunday school, and is completing a business degree, using her past experiences to positively impact others.Tessa Williams, who formerly went as “Contessa Doll”: “At that time in my life, I’d achieved some success in the adult industry... But I found myself feeling empty inside... I had some dark moments, and felt like putting an end to everything. But then I heard a small voice deep within me urging me to keep going... When I expressed a desire to serve in the kid’s ministry, they encouraged me to pursue my passion and use my experiences to make a positive impact on young lives... It is a rewarding experience to share my journey with others and I am grateful to be a part of such a loving and supportive church community.”She continued: “The next time I have sex, it will be with my husband... I want them to know that there is another life out there, if they want it... I never imaged my life would look like this, but I’m the happiest and most at peace I have ever been... I don’t regret my past because everything served as a learning opportunity, and I’ve learned to embrace my experiences, both the good and the bad, as they have helped shape me into who I am today... I am grateful for the trials and tribulations of my past. They have taught me to be a stronger, more resilient person.”

Title: NSA Buys Your Data Without Warrants
Details: The National Security Agency has been purchasing Americans’ web browsing data from commercial data brokers without warrants, intelligence officials have disclosed.The purchases include information about the websites Americans visit and the apps they use, said Democrat Senator Ron Wyden, releasing newly unclassified letters he received from the Pentagon confirming the sales. The senator urged the Biden administration to stop the warrantless surveillance: “The U.S. government should not be funding and legitimizing a shady industry whose flagrant violations of Americans’ privacy are not just unethical, but illegal.”In a letter to Wyden, the NSA director said the purchases contain “information associated with electronic devices being used outside—and, in certain cases, inside—the United States.”When reached for comment by CNN, an NSA official said: “NSA purchases commercially available Netflow data for its cybersecurity mission, to include but not limited to inform the Agency’s collection, analysis, and dissemination of cyber threat intelligence. At all stages, NSA takes steps to minimize the collection of U.S. person information, to include application of technical filters.”

Title: Florida Wants To Ban Fake Meat
Details: Florida’s legislature is considering a bill to ban the sale and manufacturing of lab-grown meat. Governor Ron DeSantis, who has advocated for competitive American food production, supports the ban, referring to cultivated meat as “fake meat.”The bill, if passed, would make Florida the first state to implement such a ban, increasing the likelihood that other states might follow. This has caused worry within the cultivated meat industry about falling behind in global competition.Cultivated meat involves growing meat from animal cells in bioreactors, a process that has attracted nearly $3 billion in investments. It’s seen as a future solution to meet global meat demand sustainably, and so far, two companies have passed federal safety assessments to sell cultivated chicken in select restaurants.Critics say a ban would only empower China, which is investing heavily in the technology behind cultivated meat. In 2022, the country announced its five-year agricultural plan which includes meat grown from stem cells, no slaughter required.

Title: Teen Stress Impacts Adult Health
Details: Stress during teenage years has been linked to long-term health issues, including heart disease, in adulthood.According to new research from USC that studied over 12,000 children for 30 years, those who reported higher stress in adolescence showed more health concerns later in life than those who reported lower stress or no stress at all. This is especially concerning, as a 2018 poll of 36,000 U.S. teens showed that nearly half were stressed “all the time.”Fangqi Guo, a researcher at USC: “Our findings suggest that people with a decreasing stress pattern from adolescence to adulthood show better heart health compared to people with consistently high stress. Therefore, we suggest promoting healthy coping strategies for stress management early in life, which may help prevent development of risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases.”Guo was even surprised by the findings: “Although we assumed that perceived stress patterns should have some association with cardiometabolic endpoints, we did not expect such consistent patterns across various outcomes.”

Title: Public Sex Widespread In Thailand
Details: A beach in Thailand known as Sin City continues to live up to its lustful reputation as another pair of tourists were caught in passionate lovemaking.The naked pair were spotted blatantly fornicating under the streetlights at Pattaya Beach, a popular tourist destination for its spicy bars and massage parlors. The scene comes just months after another couple outraged officials with a similar rendezvous.The couple seemed unbothered in the one-minute video as others, seen sitting just yards away from the pair, looked on and laughed. Sexual acts in public are illegal in Thailand and are punishable by up to five years behind bars.In May of last year, another woman in the area was caught performing oral sex on a man under a streetlight on a public sidewalk as workers set up a stage nearby. Months before that, a foreigner was caught having sex with a prostitute during an all-night booze bender on Christmas Day.

Title: Fusion Power Blows Scientists Away
Details: Scientists have achieved a new fusion energy record of 12.5 megawatts, which is enough to power around 12,000 homes—although only for five seconds.The milestone is the result of 40 years of research and marks a significant advance in fusion technology. Fusion energy aims to replicate the processes powering stars, offering a potential source of clean, limitless energy without the risks associated with current nuclear reactors.By smashing atoms to bind them together—the reverse of nuclear power reactors, which rip atoms apart—scientists are hoping to generate vast quantities of green energy without the risk of a nuclear meltdown. In China, for instance, researchers are working on a fusion reactor which they call an “artificial Sun.”

Title: Poll: ‘Coolness’ Is Big To Gen Z
Details: A new survey shows that 69% of 13- to 39-year-olds are more likely to buy brands that are “cool,” especially if they are backed by celebrities.The poll of 130,000 people in North America found that Nike led the way in “coolness” with 69%, followed by YouTube (62%), the iPhone (61%), TikTok (61%), Savage x Fenty (60%), NBA (59%), Jordan (59%), Doritos (58%), and Amazon (57%).MaryLeigh Bliss, chief content officer at research organization YPulse: “When a celebrity that they like launches a brand, it gives it instant ‘cool’ because the popularity is baked into it.”

Title: UK Museums Return Ghana Artifacts
Details: The UK will send back gold and silver artifacts looted from Ghana in the 19th century.Both the British Museum and the V&A will send items related to the Asante royal court to Ghana, where they will be displayed at the Manhyia Palace Museum in Kumasi. Many of the items, which include 13 pieces of Asante royal regalia, were looted during wars. Others were sold at auction, entering private collections and museums worldwide.Items displayed at the V&A in London were selected as “exemplars of the brilliant goldsmithing techniques practiced for centuries by the Asante royal goldsmiths” and served as inspiration for British artists and designers. Now they will be displayed in Ghana for the first time in 150 years.At least 90% of African cultural property resides in European museums, according to a report commissioned by French President Emmanuel Macron.

Title: Flying Taxi Wants To Win Over Paris
Details: A German company hopes to showcase its flying taxis during the Paris Olympics this summer, aiming to demonstrate the viability and safety in the stringent regulatory environment of Paris.Volocopter’s “VoloCity” is an electric vertical take-off and landing aircraft designed for two passengers. Currently, the company is working toward certification by both the EU and the U.S. Test flights are planned in Paris to prove the safety levels of the VoloCity, aiming for a safety standard 100 times higher than helicopters.Volocopter needs 25 million to 30 million euros ($28 million to $33 million) for the two years of demonstration flights around Paris, and between 200 million to 300 million euros to prepare the next step.Dirk Hoke, Volocopter's CEO: “If you can fly in Paris, you can fly in any city in the world. Noise, safety, and durability are the most important criteria for flying above a city. We have to take these views seriously and respond to these concerns, because what's important to us is not just the certification, but public acceptance. We will have support when people see and hear the flights and realize that they don't disturb city life.”

