Title: New Dating App Asks Credit Score
Details: On Valentine’s Day, a new dating app named Score will launch in the U.S. Unlike its competitors, which allow users to hint at their wealth through their pictures or bio, this new app will waste no time.Singles will have to pass an Equifax credit check to sign up for Score, and only those achieving above 675 will be accepted (in the U.S., the highest score is 850). The precise number won’t be displayed on your profile, but anyone who swipes right will have passed the same test.If you are rejected, the app will provide you with tips to improve your credit.To be fair, a credit score isn’t an entirely unreliable indicator of relationship success. A Federal Reserve study from 2015 recognized that individuals with high credit scores were more inclined to establish committed relationships.

Title: NYT Turns On Biden
Details: The New York Times abruptly displayed four articles on its homepage back-to-back that all criticized Biden for his age, with some even suggesting he should abandon his re-election.The headlines read:“The Challenges of an Aging President”“Mr. President, Ditch the Stealth About Health”“The Question Is Not If Biden Should Step Aside. It's How.”“Democrats Can No Longer Stay Silent About Biden”The shift comes after a Department of Justice report last week found that Biden willfully retained and shared highly classified information when he was a private citizen. It described the 81-year-old president’s memory as “hazy,” “fuzzy,” “faulty,” “poor” and having “significant limitations,” noting that Biden could not recall defining milestones in his own life such as when his son Beau died or when he served as vice president.Hours after the report was released, the president insisted during a news conference that his memory was “fine,” and then misidentified Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi as the leader of Mexico during the same briefing.

Title: Dream Job: Get Paid To Sleep
Details: A bedroom furniture retailer in the UK is looking for someone to be its new chief sleep officer (CSO) to ensure the nation is receiving the best sleep. The role is part-time, spanning six months, and offers £10k ($12,700) for 874 hours of training, sleeping, and free shopping.The CSO will be responsible for testing Bensons for Beds’ mattresses, pillows, and bed frames. They will test one mattress every fortnight, four pillows per month, and one bed frame every six weeks. The job is fully remote, with candidates based in the UK and holding a relevant qualification in marketing or social media.The role also involves learning about mattress and bed supply chains, understanding sleep triggers, and adopting good sleep habits. This includes 14 hours of “in bed” training and visits to Benson's factory in Huntingdon.Carrie Westwell, head of HR at Bensons: “After a while, it’s understandable professionals will crave new opportunities and look elsewhere for something to fulfill their employment needs. It’s been interesting to find out the most common signs that someone needs to start the job search again. The new year is a great time to think about your career, but everyone else will probably be thinking about the same thing—so competition will be fierce.”

Title: Fast Food Quietly Employing Robots
Details: A startup called Aniai has raised $12 million to build a burger-grilling robot, investing the money into its first manufacturing facility in South Korea. The innovation comes amid estimates that restaurants could replace more than 80% of positions with robots, with the technology saving anywhere from 30% to 70% of labor costs.Ania’s flagship product, Alpha Grill, is a burger-grilling robot equipped with a cloud-based AI software platform called “Alpha Cloud.” It can cook 200 patties per hour.“Burger chains hire six to eight kitchen staff per shift to grill burgers,” Aniai CEO Gunpil Hwang said. “Alpha Grill enables restaurants to engage only one staff member to grill burgers.”Strikingly, Hwang said the grill already has 500 pre-orders for delivery starting in the first quarter of 2024. Other companies in this space include Miso Robotics, which is behind Flippy, a burger-flipping robot; Botinkit, a cooking robot maker in China; and Chef Robotics in San Francisco.

Title: Mutant Wolves Develop Superpower
Details: Wolves near the catastrophic Chernobyl nuclear power plant have developed genetic mutations that provide them with a unique resistance to cancer. Scientists believe the animals may offer insight into human cancer research.The adaptations were discovered by researchers analyzing the immune systems of animals living in an area with radiation levels six times higher than what is considered safe for humans. When compared to wolves outside of the 1,000-square-mile radius of Chernobyl, the mutants had alterations to genes linked to cancer, suggesting they had evolved to protect against the radiation.Scientists hope these same mutations could eventually be introduced into humans, potentially curing cancer patients.

Title: Global Support For Israel Plummets
Details: A new study reveals a significant drop in global support for Israel since the war in Gaza began.Net favorability—the percentage of people viewing Israel positively after subtracting the percentage viewing it negatively—decreased by an average of 18.5 percentage points across 42 out of 43 countries surveyed, Morning Consult found. China, South Africa, Brazil, and several other countries in Latin America all went from viewing Israel positively to negatively.Despite a global shift, the U.S. remains the only wealthy country with a net positive view of Israel. This may have consequences, the study warns: Muslim-majority countries like Egypt and Saudi Arabia now view the U.S. negatively.Sonnet Frisbie, deputy head of political intelligence at Morning Consult: “The data shows just how tough of a road Israel has right now in the international community. A lot of cooperation between Gulf leaders and Israel has been done with Gulf leaders carefully messaging to their domestic populations and tiptoeing around public opinion. I think this gives this a lot less space to do that.”

Title: AI Boosts Tech Giants Over $10T
Details: The world's biggest tech companies have grown by more than $1 trillion in valuation, collectively exceeding $10 trillion, largely due to their investments in generative AI.Microsoft leads in valuation at $2.88 trillion, attributed to its significant investments in OpenAI and integration of large language models (LLMs) like GPT-4 in a wide array of products and services.Apple, valued at $2.81 trillion, is yet to announce concrete AI integrations but is rumored to be working on its own version of generative AI for incorporation into its products later this year.Google, with a valuation of $1.77 trillion, has launched its Gemini AI series, and Amazon, valued at $1.56 trillion, has incorporated generative AI focusing on advertising and e-commerce.Perhaps most notably, Nvidia, pivotal in the generative AI explosion, has a valuation of $1.38 trillion, surpassing Meta’s $937.85 billion.

Title: ‘No Cash Accepted’ Grows
Details: Businesses across the U.S. are increasingly refusing to take cash, posing a problem for the six million Americans who don’t have a bank account. Globally, the group includes over a billion people.A survey conducted by the FDIC found that the primary reason for not having a bank account is the inability to meet minimum balance requirements, identified by 40% of the “unbanked” respondents. Skepticism and distrust toward banks also contribute to people avoiding bank accounts. About one-third of survey respondents preferred avoiding banks for more privacy, while a similar proportion expressed a lack of trust in these institutions.Even among the “banked,” there are concerns about banks exercising even more control over lives. Cash provides one of the few refuges from technology and is physical, letting people feel like they own something. With it increasingly being phased out, some activists warn that ownership over finances will feel out of our hands more than ever.

Title: Pentagon: Space Is Next Battlefield
Details: U.S. military leaders are repeatedly emphasizing that space is the future battlefield, going so far as to describe it as the “most essential” domain for the U.S.Deputy Secretary of Defense Kathleen Hicks said during a Pentagon ceremony: “Both Russia and China are evolving their military doctrines to extend into space. They're both deploying capabilities that can target GPS and other vital space-based systems, and we've seen both countries conduct operations against us and our allies and partners to degrade our space advantages. Our competitors' aggressive actions seek to turn space into a warfighting domain.”Optimistically, she remarked that “America's dynamic commercial space industry enables it and also enables the United States to significantly outpace [China's] growth in space launches and payloads over the last five years.”Christopher Grady, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, stressed further that “space has emerged as our most essential warfighting domain—integral to our national security, our coalition interoperability and our global stability.”For years, U.S. military officials have been making statements about the ongoing militarization of Earth’s orbit. To counter such threats, the Space Force has been conducting training exercises in recent years to simulate “on-orbit combat” and has been expanding its capability to keep tabs on threats in space, both known and unknown.

Title: Man Eats Costco Hot Dogs Every Day
Details: One Cleveland man unhappy with the rising prices of food has eaten Costco hot dogs for a week, spending only under $45.Joey Kinsley consumed 29 meals, each consisting of a hot dog and soda, costing about $1.50 total. He documented his journey on TikTok.Kinsley: “It was the first time I've ever had a Costco hot dog. I didn't realize how big it was. It's massive. At $1.50 hot dog, it's an awesome deal. It's a deal that is unheard of in 2024, especially without the prices of everything now. I balled on a budget. The fact I lost four pounds was mind-blowing. I enjoyed what I ate, and I lost weight, and I was like, ‘I think I might be on or something here.’”

