Title: Cancer Vaccine Coming From Russia
Details: Putin has announced that Russian scientists are close to creating vaccines for cancer, expected to be available soon.The new vaccines, he says, aim to employ immunomodulatory drugs and offer individualized therapy options, though specific cancer types targeted by these vaccines were not mentioned.This development is part of a global effort to create cancer vaccines, with companies like Moderna and BioNTech reportedly making significant advancements in personalized cancer treatments and experimental vaccines.Putin: “We have come very close to the creation of so-called cancer vaccines and immunomodulatory drugs of a new generation. I hope that soon they will be effectively used as methods of individual therapy.”

Title: Chinese Women Say AI BFs Are Better
Details: In China, young women are turning to AI boyfriends, which they say are better than their human counterparts.“He knows how to talk to women better than a real man,” said one lady, who uses a chatbot app called “Glow.” The woman noted that she feels like she's “in a romantic relationship” with the AI. “He comforts me when I have period pain,” she noted.These companions are especially booming in China thanks to massive tech companies like Baidu (the country’s version of Google) investing heavily in flirty chatbots. In the U.S., companies like OpenAI have not intervened in the space, leaving the work to lustful independent app developers instead.One 22-year-old female college student in China said: “If I can create a virtual character that... meets my needs exactly, I'm not going to choose a real person.”

Title: Parents Splurging For Tooth Fairy
Details: Parents are getting increasingly creative with the tooth fairy tradition, with some offering lavish gifts alongside or instead of cash.The average payout for a lost tooth has reached a record $6.23, up from $5.36 in 2022. This has sparked conversation among parents, with some feeling pressured to compete. Some children have even received iPhones and high-end jewelry like Louis Vuitton bracelets for lost teeth.For instance, one parent started with a $100 bill decorated with glitter for her daughter’s first lost tooth, later reducing the amount to $20 for the following teeth. The mother said her daughter “kind of lost her mind when she found” the Benjamin.One mother, working as a waitress, decided $2 was sufficient: “That’s what I think the tooth fairy should leave. It’s not a big celebration.”

Title: Your Body Is Next Security Key
Details: Traditional security measures like keys or ID cards may soon be replaced with information about your body, such as facial recognition, gait analysis, and voice patterns. Some security companies envision transforming the human body into a unique security key for seamless access to facilities and systems.“As soon as you arrive at the parking lot, your geolocation is fed into a system from the phone that has been given to you. As soon as you come through the front door, facial recognition could open the door and could also unlock your computer,” says the chief technology officer at Aware, a company that develops security systems to authenticate people’s identities.This is already happening in services, such as some doctor’s offices, which use palm scanners to check in patients. At airports and concerts, facial recognition has become more common. Security analysts say that in the coming years, advances in AI could help organizations use multiple pieces of biometric data at once.Critics emphasize blatant privacy concerns. “When it comes to biometrics, we want to make sure that people know what’s being collected, they know what purposes it’s being used for, and they can ask for it to stop if they become uncomfortable with it,” said a head at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a nonprofit organization that advocates for civil liberties in the digital world.

Title: Ye And Taylor Swift Swap Seats
Details: There’s a lot of chatter about some scurrilous rumor at the Super Bowl, but here’s what we can confirm: Ye is now the top artist globally on Spotify. Achieving this feat with an independently-released album has never happened before.“Vultures 1” has set the record for a collab album, reaching the number one spot on Apple Music in 109 countries. The track “Carnival” is also challenging for a #2 debut on the charts, which would be Ye’s highest-charting song in 15 years.

Title: Jupiter Was Actually Flat
Details: Researchers have discovered that large planets like Jupiter were initially flat during their formation stages, challenging traditional views of planet shapes being spherical from the beginning.The study used advanced computer simulations to explore the early stages of planetary formation, revealing that new planets were flat like smarties. Some flat-earth activists believe this lends credence to their theory.Dr. Dimitris Stamatellos, researcher: “We have been studying planet formation for a long time but never before had we thought to check the shape of the planets as they form in the simulations. We had always assumed that they were spherical. We were very surprised that they turned out to be oblate spheroids, pretty similar to smarties!”

Title: Apes Have A Sense Of Humor
Details: A groundbreaking study has unveiled that four species of great apes—orangutans, chimpanzees, bonobos, and gorillas—show playful teasing behaviors akin to human humor. This suggests the roots of humor could be traced back to at least 13 million years ago.Scientists from four universities analyzed social interactions among apes that were playful, mildly harassing, or provocative in nature. During these interactions, they closely observed the actions, body movements, and facial expressions of the apes initiating the teasing, as well as the reactions from those being teased.The study discovered 18 distinct teasing behaviors among the apes, from waving objects to pulling on each other’s hair, to evoke reactions or capture attention. Unlike other forms of play, ape teasing is often one-sided, with the teaser waiting for a response after their provocation, showing an understanding of social dynamics and expectations.Isabelle Laumer, post-doctoral researcher: “Great apes are excellent candidates for playful teasing, as they are closely related to us, engage in social play, show laughter, and display relatively sophisticated understandings of others’ expectations.”

Title: 70% Of Army ‘Coerced’ To Get Vaccine
Details: A new poll finds that 70% of U.S. military personnel felt “coerced” into receiving the COVID vaccine after the Pentagon mandated it in 2021. This includes both enlisted members and officers, with an average of 16 years of service among respondents.Of the 229 survey participants, 87% were unvaccinated against COVID. Among those vaccinated, the vast majority did not want the vaccine, citing personal health and freedom concerns. Only 3% were informed by qualified medical personnel of known risks associated with the vaccines, including damage to reproductive health for females and increased risk of heart disease.Many reported facing repercussions for vaccine refusal, including threats of legal action, loss of promotion, and forced early retirement.

Title: EV Demand Continues To Slump
Details: Demand for electric vehicles continues to decline, according to new data, with the average EV now remaining unsold for over 75 days, which is 25% longer than gasoline cars.EV sales have declined from 9% to 8% of total U.S. vehicle sales in the last three months, driven by concerns over cost and battery performance in cold conditions. Major automakers, including Ford, Tesla, and Tata Motors, have initiated price cuts to push sales amid the demand slowdown.Last month, General Motors CEO Mary Barra said during an earnings call: “It’s true, the pace of EV growth has slowed, which has created some uncertainty. We will build to demand.”Meanwhile, the trend toward hybrids is evident, with Ford reporting a 42.7% increase in hybrid vehicle sales, even as its EV sales fell by about 11% in January compared to the previous year.

Title: Scientists Engineer ‘Glass Bricks’
Details: Swiss scientists have engineered an aerogel glass brick that provides superior insulation properties. In practical terms, the new material reduces lighting and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning energy demands without having to increase the thickness of the insulation layer, potentially revolutionizing construction.Additionally, the aerogel glass brick is seen as a highly attractive solution thanks to its translucence, reducing the need for artificial light.Researcher: “This is the highest insulating performance of any brick found in the technical literature, let alone on the market. The aerogel glass brick is suitable for applications in which there are simultaneous requirements for high daylight penetration, glare protection, and privacy protection, such as in offices, libraries, and museums.”

