Title: Scientists Grow ‘Meaty’ Rice
Details: Scientists have engineered a hybrid “meaty” rice, combining the grain with beef muscle and fat cells. The team behind it hopes to provide an affordable and eco-friendly protein source.First, the beef cells are grown in a lab and attached to rice grains using fish gelatine. The rice then cultures in a petri dish for up to 11 days, potentially serving as “famine relief, military ration, or even space food.”This hybrid rice is said to be firmer and brittler than regular rice but has 8% more protein and 7% more fat, offering a nutritional boost. It also has a lower carbon footprint than traditional beef production, emitting significantly less carbon dioxide.Researcher: “We usually obtain the protein we need from livestock, but livestock production consumes a lot of resources and water and releases a lot of greenhouse gas. Imagine obtaining all the nutrients we need from cell-cultured protein rice. I didn't expect the cells to grow so well in the rice. Now I see a world of possibilities for this grain-based hybrid food.”

Title: Ex-Congressman Goes On Revenge Tour
Details: Ex-Congressman George Santos, who was expelled from the House of Representatives last December over ethics violations, put his former colleagues in a group chat yesterday and called them “fucking idiots.” Santos was fuming because the district he once represented fell under Democrat control after a special election this week.He texted the group chat: “I hope you guys are happy with this dismal performance and your $10 million for futile Bull Shit cost the party. I look very forward to most of you losing due to your absolute hate filled campaign to remove me from Congress arbitrarily. Now go tell the Republicans Base what you fucking idiots did and good luck raising money next quarter.”The only apparent response came from Republican Representative Andrew Garbarino, who humorously replied, “Sorry, new phone, who dis?”

Title: Soros Gains Control Of Radio Company
Details: George Soros’ investment firm is set to become the largest shareholder of the second-largest radio broadcaster in the U.S., rescuing the company from bankruptcy.In January, Audacy filed for bankruptcy with $1.9 billion of debt. Soros has since purchased more than $400 million, or about 40%, meaning he could yield effective control of the media giant.Audacy owns more than 220 stations nationwide, including in New York City and Los Angeles.

Title: Man’s Dick Game Kills Wife
Details: A woman in India passed away just seven days after her wedding because her husband took sex enhancement pills. According to locals, the man has since locked his house and fled the village where the incident occurred.In a written complaint to the police, the victim’s relatives accused the husband, an engineer, of forcing his wife into an unnatural physical relationship after consuming the pills, leading to “sustained severe injuries.”Police said an investigation will be launched and any necessary legal action will be taken.

Title: River In Disney Intro Finally Found
Details: For years, film enthusiasts have wondered if the iconic river in Disney movie intros is pure fiction or if it holds a more intimate connection to Walt Disney. Now, fans believe the tranquil scene is based on a valley near Idaho and Washington, where Disney’s wife grew up.The on-screen river significantly resembles the Snake River in the Lewiston Clark Valley, fans have pointed out. This just so happens to be where Lillian Marie Disney attended business school, meaning the legendary intro has a much deeper meaning than it seems.Lillian played a significant role in the animation studio’s history, even suggesting the name “Mickey” for the iconic mouse over Walt’s initial choice, “Mortimer Mouse.”

Title: Dana White Walks Out Of Interview
Details: UFC CEO Dana White abruptly left a podcast with Howie Mandel before the interview started, saying he is “so fucking tired of doing podcasts.”Mandel started the podcast with praise: “Dana White, you are an amazing guy. I can’t thank you enough for being here. You are not only an amazing businessman, you are an inspiration, you are a philosopher, the way you do business, the way you conduct your business and your friendships and media, I’m jealous. I can’t thank you enough for being here.”Dana responded: “Thank you all for the kind words, I appreciate it. I am so fucking tired of doing podcasts, I’m literally done with them. I’m not doing any more podcasts.”Howie was visibly shocked, with no prior indication from White that he was agitated. Following the incident, Mandel proceeded with the show, interviewing comedian Ginger Billy without further addressing White’s sudden departure.

Title: ‘American Psycho’ Author Making Film
Details: Bret Easton Ellis, a writer known for works like “American Psycho” and “Less than Zero,” is making a directorial debut with a horror film that follows a man who enters rehab after a traumatic experience, only to confront a monstrous presence linked to his past.The synopsis for “Relapse” reads: “Fueled by his unstable personality and the invading power of social media, Matt’s paranoia grows, messing up with his rehabilitation program. As he starts using again, a mysterious presence starts growing around Matt, and a monster that has been haunting him since he was a teenager reveals itself. His therapist tries to help, convinced that the monster is actually in Matt’s head.”Ellis: “I grew up watching the iconic horror movies of the 1970s. I’ve written ‘Lunar Park,’ a horror novel, as an homage to Stephen King. It seems appropriate that my first feature would be a horror film. There’s a simplicity to ‘Relapse’ that seems like the perfect form for my directing debut: something direct and impactful.”He continued: “I’ve never seen a monster movie in the kind of upscale LA setting I wrote about and I am familiar with. … It will have my strokes: sex, drugs, and paranoia. It will also be a fun, lush, and commercial feature film for a lot of people to enjoy.”

Title: Spain’s Queen Wears Monochrome Black
Details: The Queen of Spain stepped outside in Barcelona wearing an embroidered Dries Van Noten black suit, an outfit atypical of European royalty.Queen Letizia has been increasingly entering fashion, wearing a Hugo Boss blazer yesterday while visiting the Spanish Federation of Rare Diseases.

Title: Older People Misinterpret Emojis
Details: A study by British and Chinese researchers finds that emoji interpretation varies significantly across gender, age, and cultural backgrounds. Older individuals, for instance, tend to struggle more with interpreting emojis correctly, while women generally align more closely with the intended meanings than men, especially for emojis expressing happiness, fear, sadness, and anger.The research, involving 523 adults from the UK and China, also found geographical differences in understanding certain emojis, with UK participants generally outperforming their Chinese counterparts.Lead researcher: “The current results have important implications when considering emoji use in online communication, for example, with conversation partners from different cultures or of different ages.”

Title: Boy Cured Of Brain Cancer In Miracle
Details: A 13-year-old Belgian boy has become the first in the world to have been cured of a rare, deadly brain cancer. Initially diagnosed at six, Lucas was expected to succumb to the disease after a year.Lucas and his family traveled from Belgium to France so that he could become one of the first patients to join a groundbreaking trial of a new drug called Everolimus. Miraculously, the boy’s tumor completely vanished after the treatment, and the case has sparked hope for future treatments. Lucas’ cancer, brainstem glioma, is diagnosed in around 300 children in the U.S. every year.Dr. Jacques Grill: “Lucas beat all the odds.”

