Title: Wrongfully Imprisoned Man Gets $14M
Details: A man who was wrongfully imprisoned for 37 years will receive $14 million from Tampa. Robert DuBoise was convicted at 18 years old for rape and murder but was released in 2020 after DNA evidence pointed to other suspects.DuBoise later sued the city of Tampa, police officers who investigated the case, and a forensic dentist who had testified that his teeth matched a purported bite mark on the victim. The lawsuit was settled last month, but the Tampa City Council finally approved it last week.The settlement will be paid in increments: $9 million this year, $3 million the next, and $2 million in 2026.DuBoise: “I'm just glad that it's all over with, and I don't have to worry about court cases for the rest of my life. I already spent 40 years of my life dealing with it. I prayed to God every day and hoped for it.”Tampa Police Chief Lee Bercaw: “We recognize the profound and lasting effects of this case, especially on Mr. DuBoise nearly four decades later.”

Title: Rat With Giant Penis Fools Scientists
Details: Scientists are scratching their heads after a peer-reviewed journal published a paper that featured AI-generated images of a rat’s penis more than double the size of its body. They’re unsure how the blatantly fake pictures passed the review process.The paper, which focused on stem cells, also included figures with nonsensical labels, such as “iollotte sserotgomar cell,” “testtomcels,” and “dck,” though the AI program got the label “rat” correct.The images were credited to the AI tool Midjourney and were published in Frontiers in Cell Development and Biology. Frontier’s policy allows the use of generative AI in publications but requires authors to verify the accuracy of AI-generated content.After the flawed figures circulated online, the journal announced corrections to the paper without specifying the changes. The case underscores the broader issue of ensuring scientific integrity in the era of generative AI.

Title: ‘Dune 2’ Hailed As Greatest Sci-Fi
Details: The sequel to the sci-fi epic “Dune” has premiered for journalists, earning high praise for its ensemble cast, visual effects, and colossal battles. Critics hail it as a “masterful” second entry, comparing it to iconic films like “The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.” One reviewer went so far as to call it among the “greatest sci-fi movies ever.”Returning stars include Zendaya and Timothée Chalamet, with newcomers Austin Butler, Florence Pugh, and others joining the franchise.The Playlist: “‘Dune: Part Two’ is damn impressive. Villeneuve crafts some truly VISIONARY moments. Very moving ending. A wee bit long? Yes.”Collider: “Incredible filmmaking. Brilliant score. Entire cast was excellent. My only complaint was I wish it was longer. Not joking around. The movie is 2hr and 40 min and I would have been happy to watch another hour.”Even the director himself, Denis Villeneuve, said that the film “is much better than Part One. There’s something more alive in it. There’s a relationship to the characters. I was trying to reach for an intensity and a quality of emotions that I didn’t reach with Part One and that I did reach with Part Two.”

Title: Plastic Industry Lied About Recycling
Details: For over 30 years, plastic producers have known recycling plastic isn’t economically or technically viable but continued to promote it, a new report claims.The Center for Climate Integrity report reveals internal documents primarily showing two things. First, the industry has been aware for decades that most plastics cannot be recycled together, and second, insiders have known the material degrades each time it is reused, meaning it can generally only be reused once or twice.Specifically, industry insiders over the past several decades have referred to plastic recycling as “uneconomical,” said it “cannot be considered a permanent solid waste solution,” and said it “cannot go on indefinitely.” Despite this, the industry promoted recycling as a way to avoid government regulation and claim that plastic is not a net harm to the environment.Investigative researcher: “They knew if they focused on single-use [plastics] people would buy and buy and buy.”

Title: Cisco Cuts 4,000 Jobs, Focuses On AI
Details: The tech company Cisco has announced a 5% reduction in its workforce, totaling about 4,250 employees. The move comes amid the company’s pivot toward AI and software development, aiming to be at the forefront of those areas.CEO Chuck Robbins said that Cisco will “continue to capitalize on the multibillion-dollar AI infrastructure opportunity. Our innovation sits at the center of an increasingly connected ecosystem and will play a critical role as our customers adopt AI and secure their organizations. We also continue to see weak demand with our telco and cable service provider customers.”The reduction comes as over 34,000 employees at U.S. tech companies have been laid off this year so far.

Title: Taco Bell Is Adding Chicken Nuggets
Details: Taco Bell is set to introduce over 12 new items to its menu in 2024, including Cantina Chicken in five styles, Cheesy Chicken Crispanada, Crispy Chicken Nuggets, Cheesy Street Chalupas, and Cheesy Enchilada Dipping Taco.Treats include Mountain Dew Baja Blast Gelato, Dulce de Leche Cinnabon Delights, a Salt & Straw ice cream taco, and Beekeeper Coffee’s Horchata Cold Brew Latte.The chain is also experimenting with items like the Cheez-It Crunchwrap and a range of collaborative products, such as Tajín flavored items, Secret Aardvark hot sauce Nacho Fries, and Disha Hot sauce packets.

Title: Public Sex Widespread In Thailand
Details: A beach in Thailand known as Sin City continues to live up to its lustful reputation as another pair of tourists were caught in passionate lovemaking.The naked pair were spotted blatantly fornicating under the streetlights at Pattaya Beach, a popular tourist destination for its spicy bars and massage parlors. The scene comes just months after another couple outraged officials with a similar rendezvous.The couple seemed unbothered in the one-minute video as others, seen sitting just yards away from the pair, looked on and laughed. Sexual acts in public are illegal in Thailand and are punishable by up to five years behind bars.In May of last year, another woman in the area was caught performing oral sex on a man under a streetlight on a public sidewalk as workers set up a stage nearby. Months before that, a foreigner was caught having sex with a prostitute during an all-night booze bender on Christmas Day.

Title: Smartphone Screen Becomes Speaker
Details: To simplify smartphones, some engineers envision the screen simultaneously serving as a speaker. The tech company Synaptics has created a new kind of screen that emits sound and provides touch feedback, paving the way for thinner gadgets.The technology, called piezoelectric transducers, works by applying an alternating voltage to ceramic materials, causing them to bend and vibrate. As a result, sound waves are produced directly from the screen for a more immersive audio experience.The innovation aims to replace traditional bulky speakers and haptic feedback mechanisms, eliminating the need for multiple components and allowing devices to be more compact.It’s expected to be integrated into some smartphones, wearables, and laptops by the end of 2024, marking a significant shift in device design and functionality.

Title: New Dating App Asks Credit Score
Details: On Valentine’s Day, a new dating app named Score will launch in the U.S. Unlike its competitors, which allow users to hint at their wealth through their pictures or bio, this new app will waste no time.Singles will have to pass an Equifax credit check to sign up for Score, and only those achieving above 675 will be accepted (in the U.S., the highest score is 850). The precise number won’t be displayed on your profile, but anyone who swipes right will have passed the same test.If you are rejected, the app will provide you with tips to improve your credit.To be fair, a credit score isn’t an entirely unreliable indicator of relationship success. A Federal Reserve study from 2015 recognized that individuals with high credit scores were more inclined to establish committed relationships.

Title: Dreams Can Enhance Creativity
Details: So-called “dream engineers” are testing how sensory stimuli, like sounds and smells, can shape dreams, believing they can ultimately improve learning, mood enhancement, and creativity.For instance, MIT engineer Haar Horowitz is developing Dormio, which is a glove-like device fitted with sensors that monitor the wearer’s heart rate and muscle tone to detect when they have moved into the first stage of sleep. At this point, through a connection to a smartphone or computer, it triggers an audio recording to be played. Five minutes later, a second audio cue wakes the sleeper, who is asked to say what is on their mind, and then allowed to fall back into stage-one sleep. This process can be repeated over and over.Here’s where it gets interesting: research found that with this device, audio prompts of the word “tree” reliably led to dreams about trees. After 45 minutes of these targeted dreams, people did better on creativity tests relating to the topic of trees compared with others who had slept without any specific prompt or those who had stayed awake.Psychologists have long sought reliable methods of boosting everyday creativity, and researchers are excited about the potential of “dream engineering.” One scientist called the technology a “game changer.”

