Title: Solar Fueling 50% Of U.S. Electricity
Details: Solar power will account for 58% of all new electric generation additions in the U.S. this year, marking a nearly double increase from last year’s installations.The government identifies this expansion as a historic high for the solar industry, driven by factors such as easing trade and supply chain challenges.Over half of the new solar capacity will be added in Texas, California, and Florida, supported by policies like the Inflation Reduction Act. The surge in solar capacity is complemented by a doubling of battery storage additions.

Title: Tinder Sued For Addicting Lovers
Details: As Valentine’s Day celebrated love, a lawsuit was filed against Match Group, which owns most major dating apps, for its addictive schemes.The lawsuit targets the “gamified” nature of Match Group apps like Tinder and Hinge, accusing them of keeping users hooked rather than fostering meaningful connections. Hinge’s marketing claim, “designed to be deleted,” is specifically challenged, suggesting it contradicts the app’s operational goal to retain users.A lawyer for the plaintiffs said the apps deliver “a game, leading to addiction, and the loneliness, anxiety and depression that come with it.” In response, Match Group said the lawsuit is “ridiculous and has zero merit.”

Title: Stay-At-Home Fathers Are Increasing
Details: The number of fathers as primary caregivers in the U.S. has risen dramatically over the last three decades. A report has found that almost one in five American parents who do not work for pay are fathers, which represents a 64% increase from 1989 to 2021.The trend is due to rapid growth in the share of fathers who do not work for pay and a slight decrease in the share of mothers who do not work for pay. For many families, however, a stay-at-home parent is unfeasible.For instance, Gerard Gousman, a former tour manager working for artists like DMX, has chosen to stay home with his children to support his wife’s career. He said the move has allowed him to take an active role in his children’s education and “build the community that I want for my family.”

Title: Robots Banned From Being Inventors
Details: Amid the surge in AI and robots, the U.S. Patent Office has issued guidelines specifying inventions must significantly involve human creativity for patent eligibility. The application of “significant contribution” remains deliberately open, with future legal interpretations expected to further refine these criteria.One attorney: “The challenge will be in implementing the guidance. How sophisticated of a prompt will be required for a given invention? In connection with training an AI system, what level of planning will be required? Patent examiners will surely have some interesting challenges ahead.”Another attorney: “Some sort of human agency is required, or no protection is available. A practical result is that, when creating a new design, artwork, invention, novel, or even computer code, a human can use an AI-based system to assist in the creation of this content, but must make sure that they are sufficiently involved in the process.”

Title: Men Are Rejecting Food To Look Better
Details: Starvemaxxing, an extreme dieting trend, has gained attention online, with young men attempting to achieve a stronger jawline and a masculine facial structure by not eating. The phenomenon is part of the larger movement of looksmaxxing, which has gone viral on apps like TikTok.The trend, which has eight million views on TikTok, has led to concerns over its potential health risks, including malnutrition and serious psychological effects.One participant in the trend posted: “Been making myself throw up after meals that are too heavy. Any tips to stay away from food even more please help.”A Pediatric dietitian said starvemaxxing sounds “very unwise,” adding that “extreme fasting or dieting is a dangerous practice.”

Title: Popular Newspaper Defends Incest
Details: The Economist published an article arguing that it's “probably fine” to bang your cousin, pointing to declining birth rates and a diversification in sexual identity among Americans.In particular, the newspaper said it’s unfair to prevent incest because “many other couples face far higher risks of genetic complications for their offspring, and those unions are not banned.” Additionally, “the Bible does not directly ban sexual relations between cousins,” the article notes, arguing state laws like those in Kentucky have faulty religious reasoning.The Economist did point to some examples where incestuous love went wrong, such as in the case of Charles Darwin, who married his first cousin in 1839 and had three of his ten children die during childhood.

Title: First Genetically Modified Banana
Details: Australia and New Zealand have approved the world’s first genetically modified banana, resistant to a deadly fungal disease. The governments approved the banana as a food, concluding that it’s as safe and nutritious as its conventional counterpart.The move could pave the way for wider adoption in countries battling the disease, known as TR4, alongside future genetic advancements for disease resistance.James Dale, professor at Queensland University of Technology: “This decision is a very important step towards building a safety net for the world’s Cavendish bananas from TR4 which has impacted many parts of the world already.”

Title: China Rigs Sci-Fi Award
Details: Science fiction authors were excluded from a prestigious literary award due to their potential offense to China, according to leaked emails.The Hugo Awards, held in the Asian country this year, scrutinized authors for content on China, Taiwan, and Tibet, leading to several being deemed ineligible. Organizers cited compliance with local laws as a reason, which sparked backlash and discussions on censorship and freedom of expression. The situation prompted apologies and resignations from one organizer.Dave McCarty, head of the 2023 awards jury: “As we are happening in China and the ‘laws’ we operate under are different… we need to highlight anything of sensitive political nature in the work.”Diane Lacey, awards organizer: “We were told to vet nominees for work focusing on China, Taiwan, Tibet, or other topics that may be an issue in China and, to my shame, I did so. I am not that naïve regarding the Chinese political system, but I wanted the Hugos to happen, and not have them completely crash and burn.”

Title: Social Media Can Cure Loneliness
Details: While social media has widely been considered as accelerating loneliness, tech companies are attempting to simultaneously cure isolation with AI assistants, digital coworking spaces, and virtual reality gatherings. Some see the measures as genuinely positive while others view them as nightmarish hellscapes ripped from “Black Mirror.”Digital coworking apps, for instance, allow for structured meetings for remote workers, creating a sense of community and reducing the isolation felt by many working from home.Meanwhile, VR companies are targeting older adults in assisted living facilities by providing experiences that connect them with global destinations and interactive games.Chatbots can also offer companionship through generative AI, creating personalized interactions for users who may lack social connections.Kyle Rand, CEO of VR company Rendever: “The reaction is consistently filled with awe and joy and often a lot of tears of joy because people have this life-changing opportunity to be part of something bigger.”

Title: Mom’s Love Wakes Daughter From Coma
Details: After being in a coma for five years, one daughter miraculously laughed at her mother’s joke, signaling a breakthrough in her recovery.Jennifer was driving to work on September 25, 2017, when her life changed after wrecking. Her mother, Peggy, never lost hope, providing daily care and advocating for continued treatment against all odds.“She started laughing,” Peggy said, noting that the sudden response from her daughter “scared” her at first. “I started to wheel her up to the building, and then I thought, she's laughing, so I stopped and got my phone out.”The mother said she was “overjoyed” to see a reaction from her daughter, but it was short-lived. Over the next few days, Peggy continued to bring Jennifer outside, where she would respond to her mother for brief moments at a time. Eventually, she went from making a small whistle sound to making grunt sounds to being able to say vowels.Jennifer’s case is remarkable, as only 2% to 3% of patients in a persistent vegetative state for multiple years come out of a coma.

