Title: People Are Skydiving Off Skyscrapers
Details: Unfinished towers in downtown Los Angeles, known for attracting graffiti artists, are now seeing individuals paragliding from them. The halted construction of Oceanwide Plaza since 2019 left the buildings vacant, turning them into a hotspot for risky activities.LA Mayor Karen Bass: “I’m terrified someone’s going to fall or be pushed. There are people who are parachuting off of the building. I guarantee you tragedy will take place there if that place is not boarded up quickly. New fences will be put up, but it'll take a few days. The owner should reimburse the city for every dime.”The LA City Council has given the property owners a deadline to secure the site, with the city ready to step in if the deadline is missed.LAPD has already arrested at least 18 people at the towers, mostly on suspicion of felony vandalism.

Title: Cryogenic Lab Wants To ‘Defeat Death’
Details: Dennis Kowalski, President of the Cryonics Institute in Michigan, defends cryonics as a viable option for those seeking life after death. He has already frozen over 100 bodies and 125 pets, hoping for future revival.Critics argue cryonics offers “false hope,” while Kowalski believes it’s a fight against death, offering a chance, however slim, for resurrection. The process involves preserving bodies at -196˚C in liquid nitrogen.The institute, founded in 1976, charges over $28,000 for body preservation and has become the world’s largest cryogenics lab.Kowalski admits there’s a chance that revived individuals might return as “zombie-like clones,” but emphasizes the importance of attempting revival as opposed to accepting death.The practice has sparked debate over ethics and the regulation of the cryonics industry, especially after a case involving a 13-year-old British girl who wished to be cryo-preserved.

Title: First NBA Vs. WNBA 3-Point Contest
Details: Steph Curry and Sabrina Ionescu competed in the first NBA vs WNBA three-point contest during All-Star weekend.Curry clinched the win with 29 points, narrowly edging out Ionescu who impressed with 26 points. Ionescu shot from the NBA three-point distance, which added about a foot and a half to where she normally shoots. She used a WNBA ball, which is slightly smaller than the NBA’s.Following the contest, a $30K grant was announced by Curry and Under Armour to Ionescu’s SI20 Foundation. “The SI20 Foundation equips youth from all backgrounds and skill levels with equitable access to sports to create genuine connections and build stronger communities for life,” according to its website.

Title: Scientists Engineer Bone Bandage
Details: Korean scientists have engineered a groundbreaking material to speed up bone repair.This new material produces small electrical charges when squeezed, which is key for bone healing, mirroring the way bones naturally repair themselves. It’s crafted by blending a mineral found in bones and teeth with a flexible plastic.Seungbum Hong, Professor: “We have created a composite that functions like a ‘bone bandage,’ accelerating the healing process. This research not only suggests a new direction for designing biomaterials, but is also significant in having explored the effects of piezoelectricity and surface properties on bone regeneration.”

Title: ‘Vultures 1’ Tops Billboard 200
Details: “Vultures 1” has debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart. This marks Ye’s 11th consecutive charting album to debut at No. 1, the most of any artist. It is Ty Dolla $ign’s first—ahead of two more “Vultures” volumes.Following the release, Ye became the top artist globally on Spotify. Achieving this feat with an independently-released album has never happened before. “Vultures 1” has also set the record for a collab album, reaching the number one spot on Apple Music in 109 countries.

Title: Library Closes Over Public Sex
Details: A library in California has shut its doors after rampant public sex, drug use, and robberies.The Antioch Library will employ a second full-time security officer, reinforce its fence, and upgrade the camera system, before reopening. It is expected to reopen at noon on Tuesday, February 20.Library representative: “We’ve had drug activity and drug use both inside the library. People having sexual intercourse inside the library or on property in full view of patrons and staff. We found bullet casings on library property.”The Mayor of Antioch opposed the closure: “No one in the City of Antioch, including the police chief, was informed of safety concerns by Contra Costa County regarding the library.”

Title: Italian Monastery Turns Into Hotel
Details: A 12th-century monastery in Italy’s Umbria region has been transformed into a boutique hotel, bringing historic charm to a modern design.Located near the Tuscan border, Vocabolo Moscatelli is surrounded by woodland, offering a peaceful retreat. The restoration focused on preserving the monastery’s “rustic simplicity” while including new elements.The hotel features 12 unique guest suites that embody a “monastic chic” style, including a Bridal Suite with a round canopy bed and a Spa Suite with a sauna and jacuzzi. Outdoor additions include a travertine swimming pool designed to match the natural surroundings.Local craftspeople and artisans contributed to the restoration, ensuring that the hotel pays homage to its past.The hotel team: “Vocabolo Moscatelli brings together the stone mason, blacksmith, and woodworker with the artisan makers: ceramicists, tile makers, and painters, creating a boutique style canvas that plays homage to the past while bringing in the design references of the now.”

Title: Metaverse Is Getting Too Horny
Details: Investigations reveal serious concerns within the Metaverse, including instances of sexual assault, child grooming, and exposure to graphic content. Experts say the anonymity provided by avatars encourages users to engage in behaviors they typically wouldn’t in real life.One expert called the rise in virtual assaults “alarming,” arguing that laws should govern the Metaverse. A psychotherapist who tested the online environment said her experience was “distressing,” noting that “within a mere 60 seconds of joining, I found myself subjected to verbal and sexual harassment by several male avatars.”Meta has responded to these incidents with safety tools, including the Personal Boundary feature, which prevents non-friends from coming within four feet of your avatar.

Title: French Village Bans Phones In Public
Details: A French village has voted to ban people from scrolling on their phones in public.Adults and children are now prohibited from scrolling on their devices while walking down the street, sitting with others on a park bench, while in shops, cafes, or eating in restaurants, and while parents wait for their children in front of the school gates. Those who might check their phone’s map when lost are instead being encouraged to ask for directions.The village, home to less than 2,000 people, has also approved a law for families on children’s use of screens: no screens of any kind in the morning, no screens in bedrooms, and no screens before bed or during meals. If parents of teens sign an agreement not to give their child a smartphone before the age of 15, the town hall will provide the child with an old-fashioned handset for calls only.Paul-Petit, the mayor: “I want to preserve public spaces from the smartphone invasion. It’s not about banning all phones, it’s about proposing that people abstain from getting out their smartphones to scroll social media, play a game, or watch videos in public places, which we want to preserve for social life.”

Title: Prince William Housing Homeless
Details: Prince William plans to offer homes to those in need on his 130,000-acre Cornish estate.Partnering with St Petrocs, a local charity, they aim to provide 24 homes in Nansledan, Newquay, offering support for those without shelter. Construction will begin in September, with the first homes ready by next autumn.Prince William: “I am committed to the cause of tackling climate change and I am proud of the estate’s efforts to contribute to this challenge. If we can also help respond to social challenges such as and homelessness, I will feel my term as Duke has been worthwhile.”St Petrocs’ CEO: “Our charity has been working in Cornwall for over 30 years and has supported many hundreds of people in this time. With the Duchy of Cornwall, we believe we can deliver a truly exemplary project embedded in the local community which will provide a route for many more people out of homelessness for good.”

