Title: First-Ever Drug For Food Allergies
Details: A groundbreaking drug, Xolair, was approved by the FDA to reduce severe food allergy reactions in both adults and children. The treatment aims to decrease the risk of anaphylaxis from accidental exposure but isn’t for use during an active allergic reaction.The FDA also noted that patients who take Xolair, which is considered to be the “first and only FDA-approved medicine to reduce allergic reactions in people with one or more food allergies,” must continue to avoid foods they are allergic to.Developed by Genentech, Xolair has shown promise in studies, allowing some patients to tolerate small quantities of allergenic foods like peanuts, milk, eggs, and cashews without triggering a reaction. With 20 million Americans affected by food allergies, Xolair offers a new hope for managing this condition.Genentech’s head of Global Product Development: “Xolair offers an important new treatment option that can help redefine the way food allergies are managed and reduce the often-serious allergic reactions that can result from exposure to food allergens. Today’s approval builds on 20 years of patient experience and an established efficacy and safety profile since Xolair was first approved for allergic asthma.”

Title: Plane Forced To Take U-Turn Midair
Details: An Endeavor Air jet headed to New York from Toronto made an emergency return after the crew saw a fire in the cockpit. The incident occurred just minutes after takeoff on February 3, with 74 people aboard.The pilot immediately declared an emergency, reporting sparks due to an electrical malfunction.The emergency was linked to the windshield heater, a component with a history of electrical fires in Bombardier jets. Despite the alarming situation, the fire was extinguished within 30 seconds, and the plane landed safely 25 minutes after departure.After a thorough inspection and necessary replacements, the aircraft was back in service within two days.Delta spokesperson: “The quick and collected actions of the Endeavor Air flight deck crew demonstrate how safety is ingrained in all that we do. We apologize to our customers for the delay in their travel plans.”

Title: ‘Zombie Deer Disease’ Is Now A Thing
Details: Chronic Wasting Disease, known as “zombie deer disease,” is spreading among deer, elk, and moose in North America, particularly in Wyoming where over 800 samples have been detected. This neurological disorder causes symptoms like drooling, lethargy, stumbling, and a vacant stare.The disease is caused by prions, misfolded proteins that force normal brain proteins to misfold, leading to neurological damage. Prions are resilient, surviving extreme conditions and potentially posing risks to humans.Although no direct human infections have been confirmed, the risk of CWD crossing species barriers, similar to “mad cow disease,” remains a concern. Studies indicate CWD prions can infect human cells in lab conditions, and thousands of infected animals are consumed by humans annually.Efforts to address CWD include enhanced surveillance, biosecurity measures, and research into the disease’s transmission and impact.

Title: Shaq Is Building Real Estate Empire
Details: Shaquille O’Neal has quietly built a real estate empire, owning nine lavish homes across Nevada, Texas, Georgia, and Florida. In that last few years alone, he purchased four different homes in McDonough, Georgia, with a combined 30 acres of land, which could indicate an intention to build a bigger estate.Shaq also owns a 4,600-square-foot home in Hampton, Georgia, and a 6,400-square-foot home in Sugar Land, Texas. Most recently, months after selling his mega-mansion in Orlando, he purchased a five-bedroom, six-bathroom estate in the Dallas suburbs that occupies more than 5,200 square feet.In Las Vegas, Nevada, O’Neal, owns a modern, sleek estate spanning 4,800 square feet that he purchased in 2021.

Title: Fight In War, Become U.S. Citizen
Details: Bipartisan lawmakers are introducing the “Courage to Serve Act,” aiming to provide an expedited citizenship path for migrants serving in the U.S. military.Specifically, the legislation would create a pilot program that would apply to people with no lawful permanent status, like asylum seekers and migrants waiting for work authorization. They would require vetting by both the FBI and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.Eligibility for an expedited process requires three years of honorable service or shorter periods in active combat zones.Rep. Pat Ryan (D-NY): “If folks have the courage to raise their right hand, swear an oath to protect and defend this nation and put their lives on the line, then they sure as hell deserve the opportunity to become an American citizen.”Rep. John James (R-MI): “Immigration is both an economic and moral imperative, and giving specific America-loving immigrants who want to serve the country the chance to become citizens is a no-brainer.”

Title: Chinese Women Say AI BFs Are Better
Details: Blake, Wm. The Harlot and the Giant. 1824.

Title: John Oliver Offers Judge $1M To Quit
Details: A late-night host has made a daring proposition to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas: resign from the high court for a $1 million annual payment and a luxury RV. This unusual offer was made during the 11th season premiere of John Oliver’s show, where he criticized Thomas for his role in significant court decisions.John Oliver: “Lot on your plate right now. From stripping away women’s rights to hearing Jan. 6 cases, you definitely shouldn’t be hearing two potentially helping rollback decades of federal regulations. So that’s the offer. $1 million a year, Clarence. And a brand new condo on wheels. And all you have to do in return is sign the contract and get the fuck off the Supreme Court.”He continued: “Talk it over with your totally best friend in the whole world. Because the clock starts now. Thirty days, Clarence … Let’s do this! I think you’re thinking, what would my friend say if I take this offer? Will they judge me as they sit in their boardrooms and mega yachts and Hitler shrines? Will they still treat me to luxury vacations and sing songs about me off their phones? Well, that’s the beauty of friendship, Clarence. If they’re real friends, they’ll love you no matter what your job is. So I guess this might be the perfect way to find out who your real friends actually are.”

Title: Fake Crypto App Scams Thousands
Details: A fake crypto app called Rabby Wallet & Crypto Solution scammed users out of thousands of dollars. The real Rabby Wallet, developed by DeBank Global Pte. Ltd., has yet to be approved, while the fake one has been deceiving users for years.User on Apple support pages: “I was also scammed for about 5k USD from this fraudulent app this morning. I have raised a support case with Apple to see if there's any means of reimbursement as the app has been reported multiple times prior and is still standing 4 years now.”User in Rabby Wallet’s Discord channel: “Less than 1 day of trying to use this wallet and I manage to lose majority of my holdings. Did I deserve it for not doing my due diligence, sure. Am I going to complain to the heavens to apple support to try get reimbursement, sure.”

Title: Brain Can Cure Alzheimer’s By Itself
Details: Scientists have made a groundbreaking discovery: the brain has its own microbiome. This finding opens the possibility that some forms of dementia could be reversible.A notable case highlighted a man in his 70s, diagnosed with Alzheimer’s, who showed remarkable recovery after being treated for a fungal infection in his cerebrospinal fluid. This case emphasizes the potential impact of the brain’s microbiome on neurodegenerative diseases.Further research could lead to new treatments that specifically address microbial imbalances.

Title: Young Golf Prodigy Honors Late Dad
Details: George Hughes, a 7-year-old golfer from the UK, is raising $125,000 for the Freeman Heart & Lung Transplant Association in memory of his late father, Dave Hughes. Dave passed away following a heart transplant when George was just one year old.Golf is what helped George cope with his father’s death. The young golfer plans to achieve his fundraising goal by playing a round of golf in five different countries within 24 hours, starting on June 20. The challenge will take him from Ireland to Northern Ireland, Scotland, England, and Wales.George’s efforts have already raised over $96,000 in donations. In addition to his fundraising, George is showing promise as a future golf champion, having met his hero Tommy Fleetwood and being trained by Fleetwood’s former coach.George Hughes: “I’m so excited at playing five new courses, plus I get to go on a ferry where I might see some dolphins. Imagine if I get a hole-in-one when doing the challenge, that would be amazing.”George’s grandfather: “The money George has raised has just been phenomenal. It’s just unbelievable because he’s touched people all over the world.”

