Title: Ethiopia Banning Non-Electric Cars
Details: Ethiopia has announced it will only allow electric vehicles to enter the country, the first nation in the world to make such a move.The EU passed a similar law last February, banning the sale of combustion engine cars in its member states, but it won’t go into effect until 2035. Ethiopia’s decision, on the other hand, is right away.Ethiopia’s Minister for Transport and Logistics confirmed the ban. Details were scarce, but he affirmed that “a decision has been made, that automobiles cannot enter Ethiopia unless they are electric ones.”

Title: Plastics Causing $250B Health Crisis
Details: Microplastics containing “forever chemicals” in food and water are costing the U.S. healthcare system over $250 billion a year due to them being linked to many health conditions, a new study has found. Remarkably, this is costlier than COVID, which is estimated to have racked up around $203 billion in healthcare costs.Found in bottled water and most foods, these plastics are linked to cancers, hormone imbalances, fertility issues, and heart disease. The ubiquity of microplastics makes it hard to trace their original exposure, but they're believed to contribute to rising cancers in young people.For instance, a report from last month found that there’s an average of 240,000 plastic particles in a one-liter bottle of water. Another study found that microplastics are in 90% of Americans' foods, including even whole foods like chicken, fish, and beef.Dr. Leonardo Trasande, a physician at New York University: “The diseases due to plastics run the entire life course from preterm birth to obesity, heart disease, and cancers.”

Title: Users Reject Netflix, Turn To Piracy
Details: Online piracy is on the rise as viewers suffer “subscription fatigue” from signing up for multiple platforms to watch shows.Since 2019, visits to piracy websites have increased by 12% to about 386 million visits a day, according to anti-piracy analyst MUSO. Notably, this has cost the U.S. economy an estimated $29 billion in lost revenue each year.The U.S. entertainment industry reportedly faces up to 560,000 job losses annually due to digital piracy, with the American music industry losing over 70,000 jobs each year because of the practice.In Africa, the television sector is so vital to economic success that cracking down on digital theft has become a priority for national governments.

Title: Face Scanning Targets Underprivileged
Details: Supermarkets in England have installed facial recognition cameras disproportionately targeting people in poorer areas, a study has found. Out of 34 Southern Co-op branches using the technology, only five are in the richest neighborhoods, while 14 are in the poorest.Southern Co-op asserts the tech’s deployment is based on crime data and stock loss reports, not demographics.Increasingly used by police and private firms, live facial recognition compares camera feeds with faces on a ­predetermined watchlist to identify people of interest. Each time a match is found, the system generates an alert.Pete Fussey, researcher: “This is another example of the many ways in which surveillance is more intensely focused on minorities and those who are disadvantaged socioeconomically.”Big Brother Watch: “This data shows that AI supermarket surveillance is being directed at poorer communities, who are more likely to suffer excessive invasions of their privacy and unfair treatment as a result.”

Title: Middle-Aged Man Dates 104-Year-Old
Details: A 48-year-old lawyer is dating a woman about to turn 104 years old, and he’s not happy when people ask about their sex life. “It's a very personal question, and I myself have never even thought of prying into the deepest recesses of other people's lives,” Mart Soeson told Daily Mail Australia.Soeson moved from Estonia to Australia to be with Elfriede Riit, his grandfather's widow, and is now fighting to stay in the country after his permanent residency application was rejected. Visa issues stem from doubts about the legitimacy of their relationship by the Department of Home Affairs.The two have been together for over a decade, with their 55-year age gap not being an issue. Soeson is appealing the visa decision, arguing their relationship is genuine and committed.“The nuances of coexistence between people are much more multifaceted. Keeping these nuances to yourself makes being together much more versatile than presenting them publicly,” he told a journalist. “Spiritual and emotional connections are often far more strong than any other type of feelings.”

Title: LVMH Bets On Women’s Watches
Details: LVMH is expanding its presence in the global luxury watch market, which is expected to grow from $30 billion in 2023 to over $37 billion by 2032. Integral to the brand’s approach is the fastest-growing segment of luxury watches: women’s watches.Women’s interest in luxury mechanical watches has soared from more exposure on social media and a growing number of models designed for women. The rising global population of wealthy women, both self-made and inherited, is also fueling sales growth.“The trend is toward more and more feminine and more unisex watches,” said Jean-Christophe Babin, CEO of Bulgari, which is part of the LVMH Group. “Women have increasing power, in terms of independence, autonomy, and purchasing power. We think that will continue.”LVMH now boasts ten watch brands, including TAG Heuer, Hublot, and Zenith. The company anticipates sales to grow as global wealth increases and Gen Z and Millennials become more interested in high-end mechanical watches.Babin: “The high end has been really one of the main drivers of our growth. I think the wealthy more than ever are eager to invest in authentic, reputable, and timeless brands. We sold more high-end jewelry, more high-end watches, more high-end bags.”

Title: New Heroin Being Sold As ‘Elixir’
Details: The CDC reports severe health issues linked to Neptune’s Fix, a so-called “elixir” containing tianeptine, also known as “gas station heroin.” This substance is unapproved in the U.S. but is still sold in some convenience stores and online.Tianeptine is marketed for benefits like improved brain function and treatment for various conditions. But in a recent outbreak, 17 individuals using the product experienced severe symptoms, including cardiac arrest and seizures. Most cases required intensive care.Investigations revealed the product not only contained tianeptine but also undisclosed substances like THC, CBD, and synthetic cannabinoids. The manufacturer has initiated a voluntary recall of all lots of the product.

Title: Scientists Finally Figure Out Love
Details: Neuroscientists have discovered a “biological signature of desire” in the brain, explaining our preference for certain individuals.The research used prairie voles, known for their strong monogamous bonds, as a model for human romantic relationships. In the first test, the voles were separated by a lever-controlled door. In the second, they were separated by a climbable fence.Scientists observed increased dopamine activity in the voles’ brains when they overcame obstacles to reunite with their partners, indicating a chemical imprint of desire. Notably, this dopamine surge did not occur with unfamiliar voles.Anna Pierce, researcher: “This suggests that not only is dopamine really important for motivating us to seek out our partner, but there's actually more dopamine coursing through our reward center when we are with our partner than when we are with a stranger.”

Title: Vienna Named Most Livable City
Details: The Economist has ranked Vienna, Austria, as the world’s most livable city. Part of that reason is because the city excels in providing affordable inner-city housing, contrasting with other major European cities.The largest landlord in Vienna is the city itself, owning 220,000 socially rented apartments. Yet unlike in other countries, where public housing typically includes a majority of people from one social class, Austria embraces “social sustainability” and mixes people from various backgrounds in the same estates.“One of the key concepts to understanding Vienna’s approach to housing is social sustainability,” said Maik Novotny, an architecture critic for the Austrian newspaper Der Standard. “In order to avoid the creation of ghettoes and the costly social conflicts that come with them, the city actively strives for a mixing of people from different backgrounds and on different incomes in the same estates. Social housing isn’t just for the poor.”One student told The Guardian that he would have no hope of applying for social housing in countries such as the UK, but in Vienna, the city won him over through a program for first-time tenants under 30.Additionally, the public housing has a unique architectural flair, looking more like castles or monasteries rather than the modernist buildings in other European cities. In other words, they don’t have the stigma of poverty and crime that is associated with public housing elsewhere. As the historian Eve Blau has put it: “If you’re planning something radical, it’s not a bad idea to come across as conservative as possible.”

Title: Young Cancer Patient Saved By Baby
Details: An eight-year-old cancer patient who had “no hope” of recovery was saved thanks to an umbilical cord from a baby. The experimental stem cell transplant used blood from the cord after traditional treatments failed.Diagnosed at four, Sarah underwent chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant from her brother, but her cancer returned multiple times, reducing her chances of survival. Doctors feared no solution was available until they experimented with stem cells. Sarah’s treatment showed that cord blood transplants in particular could be five times more effective in preventing disease compared to other stem cell sources.Rob Wynn, researcher: “Our research shows remarkable results. Cord blood, rich in stem cells, when combined with white blood cell transfusions, helps in rapid immune recovery and effectively combats such aggressive cancers.”

