Title: Killer Mike Detained After Grammy Win
Details: Killer Mike was unexpectedly handcuffed and escorted out of the Grammy Awards tonight after winning three awards, including Best Rap Album for “Michael.” One source says the arrest was for a misdemeanor, remarking that “it’s a big nothing.”Besides Best Rap Album, Killer Mike also won Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance for his track “Scientists & Engineers,” meaning he won in all three of the categories he was nominated in.

Title: Facebook Turns 20
Details: Facebook was launched on February 4, 2004, making the social media platform celebrate its 20th birthday today. While it may not be as popular with young people as it once was, it remains the world’s most popular social network and has been redesigned dozens of times.An early indicator of Facebook’s unprecedented success was how quickly it overtook its competitor at the time, MySpace, reaching one million users in less than a year.Zuckerberg has used Facebook’s success to jumpstart Meta, a technology empire that encompasses Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp. Just last week, Zuckerberg’s wealth soared by $28.1 billion after the company’s shares increased by 20%.

Title: Best-Selling Beer Has No Alcohol
Details: One man left a high-profile finance job to pursue an untapped market in nonalcoholic beer, founding Athletic Brewing Company in 2017. Despite initial skepticism, Bill Shufelt’s innovative approach and dedication to quality transformed the perception of non-alcoholic beer in the U.S., making Athletic the leading brand in its category.Athletic’s success is reflected by its dominance in sales at U.S. grocery stores, outperforming traditional beer brands and becoming the top-selling beer at Whole Foods Market. The company’s growth reveals a broader trend toward healthier lifestyle choices, especially among younger generations who drink less alcohol than previous ones.Bill Shufelt, co-founder: “I felt like I was sitting on an enormous secret. Most nonalcoholic beer occasions are totally new occasions. New days of the week. New hours of the day. More rounds that people wouldn’t have drunk. Nonalcoholic beer in the U.S. was born out of Prohibition and it’s always had this lesser-than stigma. We didn’t need to get anywhere near 55%, We had to get to, like, 1%.”

Title: Palestinians Mourn Destroyed City
Details: Over 200 culturally significant buildings in Gaza, including mosques, cemeteries, and museums, have been destroyed due to bombardment. A new report claims Israel has destroyed 207 buildings of cultural or historical significance in Gaza, including 144 in the city and 25 religious sites.Notably, the Omari mosque, a 7th-century structure and a symbol of Palestinian heritage, stands damaged.UNESCO, the UN agency responsible for protecting culture, has warned that more sites are at risk of damage, including one of the region’s oldest Christian monasteries, the Saint Hilarion complex. Calls for preservation and restoration emerge as crucial steps toward reconnecting the people of Gaza with their land and heritage post-conflict.Bader Alzaharna, who lives in Gaza City: “The city is a ghost town, people walk around with pale faces and their spirits are tired after having gone through this war. If you walk to the old city of Gaza, you will only remember the memories and feel sickened and saddened by the amount of destruction of cultural and religious sites.”

Title: World’s First AI Brothel Opens
Details: In Berlin, Germany, a new brothel offers life-sized sex dolls combined with VR, pioneering a new era in the adult industry. Clients interact with the dolls’ AI personas by wearing VR headsets, providing an immersive “4D experience.”Here’s how it works: at first glance, the Cybrothel operates like a traditional escort business. Private suites can be booked for a few hours, or overnight, and clients choose their companion from a list of seductive names like Bimbo or Ms Schmidt.However, instead of interacting with the dolls physically, the clients then put on a VR headset that lets them watch immersive 4D porn featuring the doll they selected. They also have the option to “sext” with the doll’s AI persona.Matthias Smetana, co-owner of Cybrothel: “If you are here, the only person who can judge you is yourself. We have a lot of people who have never been in touch with sex work, who are really down to try it but are looking for a safe space. If you face performance anxiety, this doesn’t go in Cybrothel as you are dealing with sex toys, not humans. So I think right now the sex industry will move on more in the VR direction. Having sex in the digital world and the physical world at the same time.”

Title: Homebuilt Planes Soar In Popularity
Details: The popularity of homebuilt aircraft has tripled since the 1980s, with over 33,000 planes now licensed by the FAA. This means they make up about 15% of all 200,000 operating aircraft in the U.S.Homebuilt aircraft range from simple ultralights, which don’t require a license, to more complex machines needing a pilot’s license. All ultralights need is a sign-off from the FAA after an inspection and a $5 fee.Enthusiasts make them in their garages and gardens either from “scratch” or using widely available assembly kits. The hobby attracts a diverse group, from engineers to first-time builders, with the cost of construction varying widely based on the choice of engine and materials.One enthusiast, previously an engineer for Boeing and the U.S. Air Force: “Very small aircraft - usually referred to as ‘Ultralights’ - require no license. These are limited to 255 pounds or lighter, and cannot fly over populated areas. Regular ‘homebuilts’ are heavier than that, thus the pilot needs at least a student license. Traditional aircraft engines are the most popular, but prices, even used, are pretty high.”

Title: Ancient Material Is Replacing Plastics
Details: Cork, a centuries-old material, is seeing a resurgence, displacing plastics and creating a billion-dollar industry. In Portugal alone, the cork industry reached €670 million ($723M) in exports in the first half of 2023.The material is used in a wide range of products, from flooring and fashion to insulation in homes and electric vehicles, due to its durability, lightness, and waterproof qualities. Cork forests also provide food and shelter for animals, and species, even acting as carbon sinks.Rui Novais, materials expert at the University of Aveiro: “We are seeing a growing interest in cork as a sustainable material. Compared with materials like polyurethane foam [used for thermal insulation], products made with cork require less energy and produce less CO2 emissions. It’s an extraordinary, renewable, and biodegradable material. It’s also very durable. It has been demonstrated that cork products remain virtually unchanged for more than 50 years.”

Title: 43% Of Languages Are Endangered
Details: The world currently has 7,168 living languages, with 43% at risk of endangerment. Over 88 million people speak these languages, which are defined as ones that children don’t learn, use, or are no longer the norm.A language dies every 40 days, with the majority of endangered languages found in Indigenous communities, risking cultural and knowledge loss. At current rates, 90% of the world’s languages could disappear over the next 100 years.Oceania has the highest density of endangered languages, with 733 at risk. In the U.S., 98% of Indigenous languages are endangered, one of the highest rates worldwide.Efforts to revitalize languages show promise thanks to AI advancements aiding language preservation.

Title: Solar Farms Can Change The Weather
Details: New research suggests that extremely large solar farms could significantly impact the weather, absorbing so much heat that global climate patterns would be rearranged.The study used a computer program to model the Earth system and simulate how enormous solar farms covering 20% of the Sahara would affect solar power generation around the world. It found that when millions of solar panels are grouped, rainfall would be shifted away from the tropics and lead to the desert becoming greener again, much as it was just 5,000 years ago.This would in turn affect how much solar energy could be generated around the world. Some regions, such as the Middle East and the U.S. Southwest, would be less able to generate solar power, while others, like Central and South America, would generate more solar.The study emphasizes the need for international collaboration in planning large-scale solar projects, underscoring how much influence they could have on the world.

Title: Artist Uses 1 Million Dabs Of Paint
Details: Zach Frank, known for his “dab paintings,” finds the art creation process a form of meditation, captivating viewers online with his unique technique. His work, characterized by a vibrant 3D pointillism, features thousands of meticulously placed paint dabs, as seen in his sunflower piece with 2,222 dots.Frank’s first solo exhibit, “Problems 30.5,” showcases over a decade of work and over one million acrylic dabs across 150+ paintings, opening in Los Angeles at Exhibit A Gallery. He shares videos of his art creation process on TikTok, where he describes himself as an “Abstract Expressionist Painter and Man of Many Hats.”

