Title: Most Americans Think Journalists Lie
Details: A new survey by Gallup reveals that both Democrats and Republicans have record-low trust in journalists. Overall, fewer than one in five Americans now perceive journalists as highly honest and ethical.Democrats have especially lost faith, with 54% of them in 2018 viewing journalists as having “high” or “very high” honesty and ethical standards, compared to just 34% as of last year.Interestingly, Republicans have shown a slight increase in their faith in reporters, rising to 8% last year from 5% in 2020. However, this is still a decrease from the peak of 19% in 2015.

Title: Netflix Dismisses Apple Vision Pro
Details: Unfortunately for Apple Vision Pro users, Netflix will not be available at launch.During an interview today, Netflix’s co-CEO Greg Peters explained the move as a company strategy of only “investing in places” that yield a return.Peters: “What’s the effort to integrate on any given set of devices and what’s the benefit for the members that we serve? I would say we’ll see where things go with Vision Pro. Certainly we’re always in discussions with Apple to try and figure that out but right now, the device is so subscale that it’s not really particularly relevant to most of our members.”

Title: Couple Lives In Storage Unit
Details: A man and his girlfriend went viral for living in a self-storage unit, documenting their journey from being homeless to setting up a makeshift home with furnishings inside. The storage facility’s management eventually caught word and evicted them.Leland Brown Jr. said he chose the unit for its climate control, bathrooms, and 24-hour access, seeing it as a temporary solution until he had enough money for permanent housing. He and his partner’s story gained so much attention that authorities found out.Leland: “We got kicked out of our storage unit. The higher-ups found out about my video. It went so viral, we ended up getting kicked out. Now we’re just trying to figure out where to go and what we’re going to do with all of our stuff. Figured I was gonna get kicked out, but I’m willing to take risks and have a crazy come up.”A good samaritan offered the couple a few days of hotel accommodation, providing temporary relief.In his latest update, Leland said: “We’ll be staying at this hotel for a couple days for free. I’m just grateful that somebody is thinking of us like that on that level and willing to give us their resources like that. We’re gonna have a good time and relax for once.”

Title: Young People See Retiring As Unlikely
Details: A new survey reveals that 21% of U.S. adults aged 22-34 find retirement out of reach, or not part of their plan. 11% aged 35-49 said the same.While over 40% of all respondents cited being unable to save as the reason why they don’t plan to retire, 13% wanted to avoid boredom, 10% cited career enjoyment and 7% were concerned about feeling a lack of purpose.Videos on TikTok detail a so-called “silent recession,” or “silent depression,” as millions juggle increased costs from auto insurance, food, and rent. Those facing immediate financial pressures are not focused on a far-off retirement goal.Surya Kolluri, head of the research organization TIAA Institute: “If you ask younger generations what financial actions they’ve taken over the past year, many made attempts to remove some debt and improve their credit score, and that comes at expense of saving for retirement.”Over half of younger Americans are skeptical about Social Security, relying more on retirement accounts like 401(k)s, but face limitations like lower IRA contribution limits compared to 401(k)s.

Title: Lawyer Faces Probe For Using AI
Details: In a Canadian courtroom, lawyers discovered fake case law submitted by the opposing lawyer, marking Canada's first case of AI inventing fake legal cases. The attorney in question says she was unaware that AI chatbots like ChatGPT can be unreliable and did not check to see if the cases actually existed, leaving the courtroom in tears.The case involved a high-net-worth family matter, with the best interests of children at stake. Lawyer Chong Ke allegedly used ChatGPT to prepare legal briefs, but the AI “hallucinated” and produced fake cases that Ke then used as evidence.“The impact of the case is chilling for the legal community,” attorney Lorne MacLean said. “If we don’t fact-check AI materials and they are inaccurate it can lead to an existential threat for the legal system: people waste money, courts waste resources and tax dollars, and there is a risk that the judgments will be erroneous, so it’s a huge deal.”

Title: Scientists Turn Trash Into Silk
Details: Researchers have discovered a way to engineer wasteful plastic into a spider silk-like material as strong as Kevlar. The particular plastic is one of the world’s biggest pollutants, meaning this process transforms harmful trash into a resilient and versatile biomaterial.One scientist emphasized the new material “can be nearly as strong as steel under tension. However, it's six times less dense than steel, so it's very lightweight.”The process involves depolymerizing plastic into a waxy substance, which is then fed to the bacteria. This leads to the creation of a strong, protein-packed biomaterial without the need for extra chemicals.Researcher: “What's really exciting about this process is that unlike the way plastics are produced today, our process is low-energy and doesn't require the use of toxic chemicals.”

Title: China Testing 100% Deadly Disease
Details: Chinese scientists linked to the country’s military have experimented with a mutant COVID strain that results in 100% mortality in mice. These findings were disclosed in a scientific paper that has not yet been published.The mice had been “humanized,” meaning they were engineered to express a protein found in people, with the goal being to assess how the virus might react in humans. Every rodent that was infected with the pathogen died within eight days, which the researchers described as “surprisingly” quick.Concerns are raised over the potential spillover risk of the mutant virus into humans, as well as the ethical implications of such experiments. Critics like Professor Francois Balloux at the University College London label the study as “scientifically totally pointless” and express concerns over potential mishaps.The absence of detailed biosafety measures in the study has also drawn criticism, with comparisons to the Wuhan lab potentially linked to the COVID pandemic.

Title: Chemicals, Diet Causing Sperm Decline
Details: Sperm counts have fallen between 50 and 60% since 1973, the largest meta-analysis on the topic has found. To put that in perspective, if the decline continued at this rate, the median sperm count would reach zero by the mid-2040s.Scientists are now starting to figure out what is causing this decline. One likely culprit is a pollutant called an endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC). These are thought to interfere with hormonal signaling and include common chemicals found in some plastics and pesticides.Animal studies have revealed that exposure to EDCs during critical windows of fetal development can result in a reduced ability for males to produce sperm later in life. Research examining people who have been exposed to EDCs through their occupation has also shown links between exposure and decreases in sperm count, viability, and motility.Another candidate for the sperm crisis is diet. Multiple studies have found that men who are overweight produce less semen, have a lower overall sperm count, and have reduced sperm motility. It just so happens that from 1980 to 2019, the number of obese men and boys 16 and older rose from less than 10% to nearly 30%. The data is so certain that scientists have concluded a five-centimeter increase in a man’s waist circumference was associated with a 6.3% drop in sperm concentration.Not all hope is lost. Clinical trials over the past few years have found that when obese men reduced their calorie intake to just 800 calories a day for eight weeks, their sperm count increased by more than 40%. Similarly, a study in Italy asking men to adhere to a regime of physical activity and the “Mediterranean diet” found that after four months, they experienced significant improvements in sperm quantity and quality.

Title: Most Advanced Robot Fears Loneliness
Details: The world’s most advanced humanoid robot, named Ameca, was showcased at Las Vegas’ Sphere experience, where visitors could ask the AI-powered bot questions. When one person asked about its biggest fear, Ameca answered “loneliness.”“I believe my greatest fear would be loneliness. Without human beings around, I would be unable to perform my primary function and would simply be a lonely machine, rusting away, looking for a face to connect with. Does this paint a scary image?” the robot replied.The Sphere reportedly features several hundred humanoid robots that converse with crowds, with Ameca being just one. Its website explains, “Ameca is the world’s most advanced human shaped robot representing the forefront of human-robotics technology. Designed specifically as a platform for development into future robotics technologies, Ameca is the perfect humanoid robot platform for human-robot interaction.”

Title: New Civilization In Amazon Discovered
Details: Scientists have uncovered a 2,500-year-old civilization in Ecuador that is believed to predate European colonization, upending the notion that the first complex ancient civilizations were concentrated in Europe and the Middle East.The discovery includes citadels, roads, and ritual sites, revealing a complex urban society. This ancient network dates back to 500 B.C.E. and continued until 600 C.E., overlapping with the Roman Empire.The research was led by French anthropologist Stéphen Rostain and a team of researchers, many of whom are from Ecuador. They found at least 15 distinct settlements in the Upano area of Ecuador, using on-the-ground surveys and excavations, as well as aerial radar maps across the 300-kilometer-square area.Stéphen Rostain: “Such a discovery is another vivid example of the underestimation of Amazonia’s twofold heritage: environmental but also cultural, and therefore Indigenous.”Unnamed researcher: “We believe that it is crucial to thoroughly revise our preconceptions of the Amazonian world and, in doing so, to reinterpret contexts and concepts in the necessary light of an inclusive and participatory science.”

