Title: Super Bowl Ads Are Playing It Safe
Details: This year’s Super Bowl will see a shift in advertising strategy, focusing on comfort and amusement over pushing boundaries. Advertisers are choosing to be more cautious, avoiding topics that might spark negative reactions online.Tim Calkins, professor of marketing: “Advertisers are very aware that things can go wrong at the Super Bowl. Thanks to social media, marketers realize that any ad can manage to annoy people or cause backlash. Nobody wants to put their career on the line with a certain piece of Super Bowl footage. There is a huge incentive to be cautious.”Celebrity endorsements by stars like Kate McKinnon, Tina Fey, Jason Momoa, and LL Cool J dominate the commercials, with most ads no longer than the usual 30-second or 60-second duration. This marks a change from previous years where longer ads were common for larger narratives.The cost of Super Bowl ad space has also soared, with Paramount Global seeking between $6.5 million and over $7 million for a 30-second ad package. These high investment stakes encourage brands to play it safe to ensure a positive return on their advertising spend.

Title: McDonald’s CEO: We’re Too Expensive
Details: Following a flurry of social media users criticizing the steep price increases at McDonald’s, the company’s CEO has said it’s his mission to regain the trust of the “low-income consumer.”CEO Ian Borden told investors today: “The battleground is certainly with that low-income consumer,” adding that McDonald’s is working “at the local level to make sure we continue to provide good value for [them].” No specifics were mentioned for upcoming U.S. deals.Inflation has been a significant factor driving customers away, with visits to the fast-food chain dropping in Q3 of 2023. Grocery prices have also increased a lot less than the cost of eating out, so people who are conscious of their cash are more inclined to make meals at home.

Title: New Robot Is Husband And Wife
Details: A Norweigan company has introduced a humanoid robot capable of basically being both husband and wife. It can cook, clean, shop, tutor, and guard houses.Named EVE, the bot stands six feet two inches, weighs 192 pounds, travels at nine miles per hour, carries 33 pounds, and operates six hours on a single one-hour charge.It’s equipped with cameras, sensors, wheels, and gripper hands and uses a modified version of GPT-4 for task handling, including generating creative recipes and cooking them. EVE can also interact with visitors and employees to greet, guide, and assist them.The robot operates autonomously by default but can report back to the operator if it detects an issue or needs guidance.

Title: Dating Apps Causing Spike In STDs
Details: The U.S. is witnessing a record high in sexually transmitted infections, with experts attributing the rise to the popularity of dating apps. The latest data from the CDC revealed 2.5 million STI cases in 2022, with syphilis and chlamydia showing significant increases.Analysts emphasize that dating apps have changed the landscape of sexual interactions, providing easy access to a wider pool of partners. This shift has seemingly allowed the spread of infections across different groups.Syphilis cases, in particular, have surged nearly 80% in the past five years, reaching levels not seen since the 1950s. This resurgence is partly blamed on the reduced use of condoms, which has fallen by almost 30% among American men since 2011.Dr. Joseph Cherabie, a sexual health expert: “The way we date, meet people, hook up, has been made a lot more easy with the advent of dating apps—so that plays a role. All of a sudden, you have a bunch of potential mates at your fingertips, and so I think that could definitely play a role.”

Title: Titanium Exoskeleton Made For Police
Details: A German company has manufactured an armored exoskeleton for the military and police that is designed to reduce load and provide bulletproof protection. It can redistribute up to 70% of a wearer’s load from the shoulders to the ground.The titanium exoskeleton is capable of withstanding hits from 7.62 × 39-mm rounds, which are used in AK-47 rifles, from about 30 feet. Despite its robust protection, the ExoM maintains up to 99% of the wearer’s range of motion due to its flexible design, inducing a flexible spine, sliding waist belt, and articulated hip, knee, and ankle joints.

Title: Remixing Suburbs Could Fix Housing
Details: An architecture researcher from Australia has proposed a new way to engineer suburbs, which he says would address housing shortages by offering more affordable, socially connected living options in suburban areas.Damian Madigan’s approach, called “bluefield housing,” involves modifying existing homes to support multiple dwellings on a single block, preserving green spaces. A house in this model is described as being somewhere between single-family homes and unit developments, but unlike most unit developments, the houses are not fenced off from each other.According to Madigan, this model could double or triple homes on lots without disrupting neighborhood aesthetics, providing smaller, more affordable housing options in established suburbs. “It's become increasingly clear in recent years that the established suburbs will have to play their part in supporting an increase in housing supply, affordability and choice,” he says.The housing crisis has been felt across the West, thanks to economic trends like rising interest rates. In the U.S., housing is the least affordable it’s been in four decades.

Title: Rick Rubin Minimalizes Internet
Details: Rick Rubin has partnered with website builder Squarespace to design an ultra-minimalist template that he describes as a “reaction to the general experience of the Internet and how the Internet feels today.”The template is inspired by Rubin’s own website, Tetragrammaton, which is designed as a serene space for curated creative works, aiming for engagement without the typical Internet noise. The legendary producer’s approach avoids common web design trends like motion graphics and pop-ups, focusing instead on a “recessive nature.” A simple, monochromatic color scheme dominates.Rick Rubin: “Every time you look at the Photos section of Tetragrammaton, you have a new experience. It’s engaging in the moment and creates a sense of scarcity since once you turn the page, you may never see it again. It’s all about the content, unencumbered by decoration. A space to set the art free, where the viewer can commune with the works and contemplate them.”

Title: 2,000-Year-Old Scroll Revealed By AI
Details: A team of three university students has digitally revealed writings from a 2,000-year-old scroll, damaged by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD, without physically opening it.The innovative approach involved 3D scanning the scrolls and applying machine learning for digital unfurling and ink detection, revealing more than 2,000 characters of ancient writing across 11 columns of text.Now, the task is to transcribe what has been uncovered, with historians thinking the scrolls were written by Epicurean philosopher Philodemus. One researcher said the philosopher writes about food, music, and how to enjoy life’s pleasures akin to a “2000-year-old blog post about how to enjoy life.”

Title: Beatles Painting Sells For $1.7M
Details: A painting made and signed by all four members of The Beatles sold for $1.7 million at Christie’s auction house, nearly tripling its high estimate of $600,000.The 1966 acrylic and watercolor piece, “Images of a Woman,” was created by John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, and George Harrison during a stay in the Hilton Hotel in Tokyo in 1966. It was produced when Japanese authorities confined the band for security reasons and was made using art materials gifted by visitors.Christie’s: “‘Images Of A Woman’ is the only known substantial piece of art made by the four Beatles in their years together—an extraordinary and unique item that has the best of provenance.”

Title: Italy Airport Doubles As Vineyard
Details: The airport in Florence, Italy, is set for a complete makeover, which will include a new vineyard on its roof spanning 19 acres with 38 rows of grapevines. The yard will produce wine stored in cellars beneath the terminal, with a leading regional winemaker overseeing the project.The aesthetic goal is to blend the airport into the city’s landscape, offering a view that complements Florence’s historic sites.Rafael Viñoly, who designed the project: “Florence is a place where things become permanent landmarks because they have a fundamental sense of internal logic and quality. Because the airport, which is the door to the city and its culture, is so extremely close to the city center, this must be an urbanistic project, not an isolated design exercise that is divorced from everything but the technical demands of aviation and the competition for passengers.”

