Title: Live: Vultures Listening Experience
Details: The time has come. You can now stream the live album release party and listening experience for “Vultures, Volume 1,” the debut studio album by ¥$.

Title: Billions Of Rare Minerals In Wyoming
Details: Over two billion metric tons of rare earth minerals have been discovered in Wyoming, enough to allow the U.S. to surpass China and become the “world leader” in producing technology like smartphones, hybrid cars, and military weapons.American Rare Earths announced its Wyoming expedition has uncovered 2.34 billion metric tons of minerals which have “exceeded our wildest dreams.” Notably, the discovery greatly surpasses China’s 44 million metric tons, and American Rare Earths has only drilled about 25% of the property it has in the state.Don Swartz, CEO of American Rare Earths: “China is driven to maintain its market dominance. This is now a race. This is now a race.”

Title: Lakers Honor Kobe With Statue
Details: The Los Angeles Lakers unveiled a 19-foot bronze statue of Kobe Bryant outside their arena, capturing his iconic pose after scoring 81 points in a game against the Toronto Raptors in 2006.Vanessa Bryant said the monument, depicting Kobe in his No. 8 jersey, is the first of three. Future statues will feature the basketball legend in his No. 24 jersey and alongside his daughter, Gianna.The dedication ceremony attracted Lakers legends, season ticket holders, and speeches from Jeanie Buss, Derek Fisher, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Phil Jackson.Kobe, who retired in 2016, remains the fourth-leading scorer in NBA history and a beloved icon in Los Angeles, with his legacy living on through public murals across the city.Vanessa Bryant: “This statue may look like Kobe, but really it’s what excellence looks like. What discipline looks like. What commitment looks like. It captures a person frozen in time, while at the same time acknowledges that the reason there is a statue in the first place is because that person is timeless. We’re all here today to honor a man who represents not just extraordinary sports achievement, but also timeless values that inspire us all to try harder to be not just better, but our best.”

Title: London Fashion Week Celebrates AI
Details: AI’s role in fashion is sparking optimism, enhancing creativity, unlocking materials, and streamlining design to retail processes.London Fashion Week will showcase a host of AI-generated outfits and industry insiders have expressed a growing optimism about what the technology can do for the sector. Brands like Heliot Emil, Zara, and H&M are using AI for sustainable supply chains and design innovations.One consultancy predicted AI could boost fashion and luxury sector profits by up to $275 billion in the next few years, with advancements in trend forecasting and virtual try-ons.Head of London College of Fashion’s Innovation Agency: “It has opened the door to non-traditional pathways into the fashion industry for people who couldn’t get into it before because, let’s face it, the industry can have a perception of feeling quite elitist and quite exclusive, and an expensive industry to get into. But these tools are allowing people from very different backgrounds to begin to have a foothold in the industry. And for me, that feels really new and exciting.”

Title: Massachusetts Regulates Pussy
Details: ‍

Title: Futurist: Inner Child Will Be Needed
Details: Blake, Wm. Joseph of Arimathea Preaching. 1794.

Title: Robot Sends Sensations Remotely
Details: Blake, Wm. Jerusalem The Emanation of The Giant Albion, object 6. 1832.

Title: First Puppy To Regrow Jaw
Details: A 3-month-old French bulldog has astoundingly re-grown most of his lower left jaw after it was removed for a cancer surgery. This marked a first in canine medical history and the puppy, Tyson, is now cancer-free.Within eight weeks post-operation, Tyson’s jaw began to regenerate, bone and all.Cornell University veterinarians attribute Tyson’s jaw regeneration to his young age and preserving the jaw’s periosteum, though the exact mechanisms remain a mystery.Beyond surviving cancer, Tyson has thrived, enjoying life, and sparking hope for future veterinary treatments.The owner: “We had no idea his jaw would grow back.”Study author: “More has to be done to understand the likelihood of this occurring in other dogs and if a specific age range makes a difference. But this case documents a very positive surgical outcome in a life-threatening situation. His case now demonstrates the possibility of complete bone regeneration when working with a patient this young.”

Title: Museum Wants To Change Art Forever
Details: Art collective teamLab has reopened its Borderless museum in Tokyo, featuring immersive digital exhibitions. The venue originally opened in 2018, becoming the world’s most-visited single-artist museum in its first year with 2.3 million visitors.The museum’s design and exhibits, such as the “Bubble Universe,” focus on the continuity of time and nature, aiming to fundamentally change how we perceive modern art through digital technology.Visitors can experience a variety of interactive installations that engage all five senses, including projection-mapped floral bouquets that bloom when you touch them, along with fragrant scents.The exhibit can also create colorful butterflies born out of thin air as you lean against a wall. Water patterns swirl around your feet only to reappear as crashing waves in another location an hour or two later. The artworks interact with each other, meaning every day and every individual experience is entirely unique.

Title: Human Remains Sent To Outer Space
Details: A lander carrying over 70 deceased individuals’ remains was intended to land on the Moon. The system failed, and the remains are now expected to burn up during re-entry into the Earth’s atmosphere.The participants were in capsules that were set to “remain on the lunar surface as a permanent tribute to the intrepid souls who never stopped reaching for the stars,” Astrobotic Technology, which operated the lander, said on its website. But once a critical issue with the propulsion system became evident, Astrobotic “made the difficult decision to maintain the current spacecraft’s trajectory to re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere.”Several “memorial spacecraft companies” were involved in the mission. One of them, Celestis, sells so-called memorial flights that start at $4,995.Family members of the deceased were in a social media group, and one woman remarked following the news of the mission failure that their loved ones would still be among “the earliest adventurers to leave our lonely planet.”

